Caroline. I learned her name through the phonebook, my shaking fingers carefully caressing its pages as I searched for the address I'd seen her at so many times. 43 Mako Drive, the small, brick house on the corner of Braxton and Mako. I'd memorized the shape of her home weeks before, my bare feet sliding across its wet grass every time I closed my eyes. Letters from her mailbox, addressed to Caroline Smith, confirmed what the book claimed.  She was perfect, absolutely flawless in every way. I'd watched her for seven months--almost every single day and night--silently following her as she strolled to and from her classes. Sometimes I stayed outside her bedroom window as we slept, my heart racing as I matched my breathing to hers. She never knew I was there, never acknowledged me as more than the distant shadow of a faceless tree, but I knew she needed me. She was all I could think about, all I wanted to be with. Beautiful, flawless, ideal. If anything could convince me that angels truly visited this greasy, obscene, vile planet, then it would have been to see her.  She was an artist, a creator; she built perfect worlds that only she and I could appreciate, universes fit for the two of us. She taught her art at the community center next to the unsightly yellow pizza restaurant. I didn't understand why she bothered showing up. The students didn't respect her; the other teachers didn't understand her; no one truly valued her. They couldn't see her perfection, her talent, the unearthly skill she possessed. No one knew what she was worth--except me. It was clear to me, everything she was capable of. The world wasn't able to comprehend what she could do; only I, and the God above, could fathom such beauty. I knew I had to free her, to save her from the life of dismay and disrespect she endured. Her perfection had to be known.  She always walked alone, always spent her days and nights with a just paintbrush and canvas. The mail at 43 Mako Drive was never addressed to anyone but Caroline, my fingers becoming accustomed to the rub of the ink-stained C of her name pressed into her envelopes. She had no one but her art, nothing but the worlds she created in the comfort of her home as I silently watched under the shroud of the long-set sun. She had me, had my support and devotion, my undying love and admiration, yet I knew that wasn't enough for her. She needed more, needed the embrace of the planet as they all screamed her name in singularity, hung her portraits in galleries and travelled halfway around the world to admire her brush strokes. She needed fame and fortune, acclaim and respect, followers and immorality. I knew I could give that to her, make her name a commodity and brand us as a single entity in the history of humanity.  I wanted to be the one to launch her fame, the name that always followed her around. I wanted to be the reason she went missing, the person to force her into the world. I needed to free her from this filthy planet, be the one to release her soul to the millions scattered throughout the corners of the uncivilized, obscene Earth. I knew she could inspire the masses and provoke the future.  I left her alone one night, let her sleep without the comfort of my warm carcass nestled just feet away. I had to, I needed to prepare. It was soon to be our time, the moment we'd forever become names tied together in the media, in the voices of the people, in the pages of history and the world alike. I wanted to perfect where I'd take her, where I'd free her soul into immortality. I needed it to be flawless enough to display her art to the world. I prepped and painted, cleaned and set forth the tools to extract her; my memory became blurred and uncertain as I toiled endlessly. It needed to be just as perfect as she. By the time I was content, my eyes had become bloody through lack of sleep, and the sun had long-since risen.  She was not in her room as my bare feet touched the familiar grass outside her window. I pulled open the unlocked back door, silently dragging my heels across the hardwood floor I'd felt so many times before. I'd once danced in that very spot, my feet softly tapping the ground not inches from where she slept; I could hear her breathing in perfect synchronization as I spun. Now her bed was empty, the window above it shattered and shimmering atop her sheets. Her bureau lay sideways, its contents spilled out on the floor. I picked up the ruby shirt she wore to bed almost every night and held it to my face, the familiar scent of her perfume washing over me. I continued through her house.  She valued her cleanliness, as did I. I'd watch as she spent hours, sometimes entire days, washing and organizing each and every inch of her home, always to perfection. Now it was a mess, a chaotic wreck of turmoil and struggle. She'd never done this to me before, never forced me to see her in such a shape of sheer humanity. Her walls, once rife with the beauty and life she painted, now lay bare, the art scattered and broken upon the floor. I clenched my teeth as I righted them, muscles tensing as I tried to hang them back in their correct places, but they were simply not the same. She had let someone else touch them; they had lost their perfection. I allowed them fall back to the floor as I continued up her stairs.  The creme carpet outside her studio door was stained a ruby red, still moist under the weight of my bare feet. I could hear her breathing heavily behind it, her gasps raspy and strained as if under a tremendous weight. I wrapped my hand around the doorknob, twisting the cold brass knob and silently pushing it open. I had to blink as I peered in, the vulgarity she exposed me to almost unbearable. The room was in disarray: paintings torn apart, brushes scattered across the floor, shelves toppled over sideways. The worlds she'd created for just the two of us, the universes that were supposed to inspire the future, were now stained, covered in blood and paint and split by knife. The hope she'd given the planet lay destroyed in the middle of the room by her broken body. She couldn't even save her own self.  She glanced up at me, her eyes studying me with a faint hint of recognition and dread, her mouth gagged and broken. I could hear her whimper softly, just as she occasionally did in her sleep as I stood watch. Spilled paints surrounded her and mixed into a single, grotesque shade--red, blues, yellows, whites, and every other color she'd previously had organized on the shelves beside the door.  I stared at her for a moment, waiting for an apology as my eyes searched for the perfection and hope I'd seen for so long. She had been flawless, the only thing that could save the world from the pornographic, filthy wreck it had become. Now, as she lay on the ground, her eyes screaming for *my* help, all I could see was failure and dependence. A mirrored figure shifted in the far corner of the room, its back to me. I glanced up at it and slowly shook my head. She was no more perfect than the rest.  I turned around and quietly shut the door, then began back down the path I'd become so familiar traveling.  _____________  **ALTERNATE ENDINGS:**  Violent, exciting one: [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/2jws0e/wpserial_killer_has_been_monitoring_his_next/clg1ghi)  "Less ambiguous" ending: [here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/2jws0e/wpserial_killer_has_been_monitoring_his_next/clfxmdp)  ____________________  ^If ^you ^enjoy ^my ^writing ^style, ^feel ^free ^to ^check ^out ^some ^of ^my ^other ^short ^stories [^in ^my ^new ^subreddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/ChokingVictimWrites/) ^or [^on ^my ^website!](http://wordsontheinternet.org/) <eos>
* March 17: #15 has been disposed of without complication. It seems the police have begun to piece together the connections between #1, #2, and #4. Was too sloppy in the beginning. Stupid. But what's done is done, no use worrying about it now. Will have to monitor their investigation and reevaluate at a later date. But for now, a few weeks of relaxation.  * April 3: The itch is back. Can no longer hear #15's scream as clearly in my mind. Recordings just are not the same. Time to find another. Maybe around where #7 worked, that seemed like a spot with good potential.  * April 5: No luck yet. Good targets but too much activity. Must be especially careful now, as the police are making progress. What they will call me? Will check around #11's parents' neighborhood tomorrow.  * April 9: One target with maximum potential. Mid-thirties, average build, brunette. Smells like a summer breeze. Never has any company, no association with immediate neighbors. Spends hours watering hydrangeas in her garden. Must continue reconnaissance, ensure there are no surprises.  * April 17: Confirmed target has no contact with #11's parents, good. The police have figured out that #4 worked at the same place as #9. Perhaps too risky to have done that...but #9 was worth it. So very worth it.  * April 30: Living situation optimal. Only ever leaves house to go to work, the grocery store, and the library. Avid science fiction reader. On an Asimov binge currently. Also grows fruits in the backyard. Tasty. Time to track movements more precisely.  * May 14: Two week schedule complete. Very few deviations from established norms. Barely acknowledges employees in either the grocery store or the library. Keeps head down at work. Will not be missed when gone.  * May 16: Police found #9's body. Of all the bodies to find, it had to be #9's. Knew it. Should have disposed of it more completely. But could not. Not #9.  * May 22: Can predict target's every move; reconnaissance complete. Time to perform extensive background check, make sure there are no random links for the police to find.  * May 28: Seems to be clean. Complications, however. #11's parents spoke to the police and now the neighborhood is crawling with obstacles. Will have to delay action until the presence has dissipated.  * June 6: Police have concluded that #11 is a dead-end. Precision does pay off. Target's patterns have not changed in the interim. By this time tomorrow, target will officially be #16.  * June 7: Plans on halt. #9's funeral is today. Cannot resist urge to attend. #16 will have to wait one more day.  * June 8: #16...is gone. Only left to attend #9's funeral for a matter of hours. #9 looked as beautiful as always. But #16 is gone. Car left in the driveway, hydrangeas unwatered in the garden, front door locked. Does not make sense. Must be patient. Must make sense of situation.  * June 11: Still no sign of #16. No activity around house whatsoever. Did not show up for work. No books from the library. No groceries from the store. Disappeared without a trace.  * June 18: Mystery is unbearable. Two months of flawless consistency, broken. Same day as #9's funeral, #16 disappears. Does not make sense. Can not make sense.  * June 21: No one misses #16. No one even notices the absence. As if #16 never existed at all. But #16 did exist. #16 watered hydrangeas. Hydrangeas are now dead. Where is #16?  * June 25: Should simply find another target, forget about #16. Police have given up on the case after #9's funeral. No chance of being caught unless a mistake is made. Trying to find #16 would be a mistake. But #16 was perfect. Perfect.  * June 29: Saw movement within #16's house today. Must check it out. Must figure out what happened to #16. Must solve the mystery.  -----------  "Do you really think this is going to work, Grady?"  "Have a little faith, Holt. I know how this guy thinks. He won't give up until he finds Miss Riley."  "But we moved her three weeks ago, and nothing's happened yet. Why would us coming in here change that?"  "I'll bet you twenty bucks that he's watching the house right now."  "Deal. You're gonna be out--"  Suddenly, the door slid open with a squeak. Both officers sprang to their feet, their pistols trained squarely on the intruder's head.  "Stupid. Careless. Too curious. Should never have..." the man mumbled to himself.  "Check it out, Holt. You owe me twenty bucks." <eos>
Every since I can remember, there were numbers in my head.  Everyone had a number, a three for the boy who pushed me down the slide, a seven for those murderer's on TV, a four for my mother, etc... I had never met a ten, nor a nine, and eights were only in other countries.  Until I met *him*.  He was beautiful.  He was perfect and kind and lovely, he was everything I ever wanted in life. He was pure perfection. He mustn't have ever had a bad day because he was *divine*.  But he was a ten.  He was a ten in everything he did; he was a star athlete, head of the debate team, model student, and loving son. Everyone knew him, guys wanted to be him, girls wanted him, and I...  I was skeptical.  What was different about him? He seemed to be perfect, but that couldn't be true... I was very wary of this boy, this seeming deity of perfection, what would ever make him like this?  I was terrified of him from the moment he said hello.  "Hey, I'm Alex, and I couldn't help but notice that you always seem to walk away whenever I'm in the room? Did I upset you or something? If I did, I'm sorry, a lady as beautiful as you should never have to be uncomfortable."  I blinked in wide eyed fear, my eyes staring at his perfectly sculpted outstretched hand. What was *wrong* with him?  "Hey, now, I'm not gonna bite."  I focused on his perfect lips and the way his white teeth broadened into a lovely grin. He was a boy that many fell in love with, but I wasn't buying it. I was different; I was that one weird chick that over analyzes everything- I didn't have emotions and that's why everyone stayed away.  Cautiously, I outstretched my hand.  "Flora," I rasped, my voice low and uncertain. His smile grew wider and his hand enveloped mine.  The shock that jolted my arm was unexpected, and I yanked my arm back as soon as our skin had met.  His face developed into what seemed like a Cheshire grin. I saw the glint in his eyes, and I felt true terror for the first time in my life.  "Flora," he repeated, as if to test out the words on his own tongue, "I was hoping I'd find you soon."  He licked his lips and took a step forward. <eos>
I decided to go with a 1-15 scale instead of 1-10 hope that's not too big a deal.  Criticism welcome.  -----  I can read your numbers.  Everyone has a number. It's not something that hangs in the air over their head, it just sort of... Pops into my mind.  The way someone stands, the look on their face... The numbers, as far as I can tell represent how dangerous someone has the potential to be on a scale of one to fifteen.  These numbers can change over time, my grandfather is a Vietnam Veteran, when I was younger his number was a seven, every few years it drops a point or so. Last time I saw him he was a five. When I look at pictures of him when he was younger he was an eight.  Most people average at about four. Kids tend to be a two or three, the only "ones" I've ever seen are quadriplegics.  The big numbers tend to be politicians and world leaders.  Serial Killers usually hit in around ten. Leaders and Generals involved with wars hit around thirteen.  The only fifteens I've ever seen are on old videos, at least until today, Hitler, Mao, Stalin, and all of the people that immediately surround them.  The sorts of people who are responsible for mass genocide and similar atrocities.  Today a new kid came to school. His number was low, a three, until he looked at me and smiled. Suddenly I felt this oppressive fear and I saw his number shoot to fifteen.  I passed out, the school nurse sent me home.  I've been loading dads gun, I can't let him live.  If you had the chance to kill Hitler before he did anything wrong, would you? I've made my decision. <eos>
I was fourteen when it all started. I'd been out one day, waiting for some friends at the park, as you do. I was eating a chocolate bar and apathetically tossed the wrapper aside. An old lady approached me.  "Don't you have any respect? Pick that up."  Naturally I ignored her, being the lovely young man that I was until she screamed.  "Fine! Have it your way! If you shall litter the Earth, then I shall litter your mind."  She promptly left and I was confused, I assumed she was just a bit of an old bat. The wrapper blew away, and my friends turned up. We played some football, I was always fairly horrendous at that.  The next day, I woke up. For some reason the first thing I thought of was the old lady. I realised that it was fairly obnoxious for me to act that way to someone. Ah well, I'll probably never see her again anyway. I went downstairs and greeted my mother who has been a bit of a struggling single for a while now (I guess having an obnoxious teenage brat doesn't help much). There was a two, hovering above her head; cyan in colour. I wasn't really sure what it meant at the time. I knew that, objectively, this was strange. Intuitively, however, it felt oddly natural. So I went about my day.  As I went through school that day, I noticed everybody had the numbers. Notably my friend Tim who was a brown belt in karate had a blue four, our loud ex-military teacher who enjoyed startling sleeping students was a yellow six. The school bully was a turquoise three. Most students were a one or a two; shades of green. I could never see a number above my own head in reflections or anything like that, much to my frustration.  When I watched TV I noticed that powerful people tended to have quite high numbers. The anchor had a five, the prime minister had a nine, some footage of an army doing a parade seemed to show a range from six to eight (a vibrant red).  Eventually, after having thought about this for a few weeks, I concluded that the number corresponded to danger. Being dangerous can mean many things. It can mean you're potent in a fight, or it can mean you have a lot of say socially.  One day, I was sitting in the park with my mother and some of her friends on a day out. She introduced me to someone new. Short, goatee, slicked back hair and an eight. He sat there, casually sipping on a can of lager. My mum introduced him as Sean, "my new boyfriend."  "WHAT?!"  So I couldn't control that little outburst, I must admit I panicked a bit. An eight is a member of the cabinet, a soldier, a serial murderer (What? The numbers come up on Crimewatch as well, you know).  He interjected, "Haha! Relax kid. I'm going to be around for a while"  At which point he leaned in and kissed my mum. This was not affection; this was dominance.  In the following days, I took my mum aside repeatedly to try to convince her to get out of this. She was, how can I put it? Thoroughly unwilling. So now I was anxious, I was frustrated. We were around Sean's house at the time. He came in later that day, bringing home some shopping, he bought me a chocolate bar. Well, that was nice? Thanks.  So it started out nicely enough. He could tell that I was anxious, and so he'd buy me little things to try to win my affections. To be honest, it started to work. My mum was in love with him and despite the red flags, I was honestly settling to the arrangement. What I hadn't noticed were the little things. At first it began as complaints; "the jam isn't in the cupboard I said to put it in", "clean up that fucking cat shit". Benign, but said with a sharp tongue.  Eventually he offered to fully support my mother. I'm not really sure how he was able to do this as he didn't have a job of which to speak, but it seemed to work out. My mum quit her job at the supermarket and now had much more free time to... "do those fucking dishes," to "make a doctor's appointment for me". He spoke repeatedly of their sex life to me. Thanks for telling me. Over time his demands were shouting.  Mum's number dropped from a two to a one. Something was wrong.  This kind of behaviour carried on for a year. I was the frog in the pot.  Eventually he started doing things; hitting her when I wasn't around. I didn't notice of course, although I started to pick up the signs. Then one day I did. They had a huge argument. They were shouting, things were thrown. They wouldn't stop. The walls closed in. I had nowhere to go. In my right conscience, I had nowhere I could go. I was just as frightened as she was until that is I heard a crack; he headbutted her. Blood poured forth. I freaked the fuck out. I started screaming. I started crying. I had no idea what way was up. I briefly ran into the bathroom to try  to collect myself and figure out what the fuck I was supposed to do. I was scared. I was shaking. I was angry. I was livid. I was FURIOUS. And through the tears I saw the stained bathroom mirror. Everything was blurry but I saw it right there. Black as night, floating right above my own head. I could finally see it: Ten.  "Fuck them, fuck him, fuck everyone. Fuck this abusive piece of shit. I am taking control of this situation."  In that very briefly lucid state, I called an ambulance.  I then broke the mirror, threw it at the ground. I picked the the largest shard of glass and looked at myself again. Ten. Definitely ten.  I called down. "Sean! Let's fucking talk!"  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Edit:  Thanks so much for the comments, upvotes and especially those kind folk who gave me gold! I couldn't have hoped for a nicer reception to this.  You should also listen to this audio version: http://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/2ns30z/wp_you_are_a_teenager_with_the_ability_to_measure/cmhw3df <eos>
I've seen a lot of tens. It's scary, really, how quickly people can go from six or even five to ten. Other people don't realize how much danger surrounds them every day. It takes so little...  No, the tens aren't the ones that stay with you. Not for long, anyway. No, the one that will always be in my mind was something else entirely.  A zero.  She was the first zero I ever saw, and the only one until I watched my children be born. They eventually grew into little ones and twos, of course, but for a short, wonderful time, they were tiny, giggling bundles of zero. But I'm getting ahead of myself.  *She* was the first. Sarah. I was drawn to her from the moment I saw her, dangling her legs from a swing on the playground. How old could we have been? 12? 13, maybe. I wasn't really sure what the numbers meant then, but the lowest I'd ever seen was a one, so I knew she was something special. I stared at her from across the playground and she smiled at me, her entire face beaming zero. I'm telling you... they say Helen of Troy had a face that launched a thousand ships. Well, Sarah could make them come back home. If there ever was a face that could end wars, it was hers.  We were friends at first. I was terrified of ruining it by saying too much, but the words I wanted to say ran laps through my head every time I saw her. Then, on a hot summer night that was made for drunken mistakes, I said them anyway. And guess what? She felt the same way.  When I think about my kids, I don't want them to be rich. I don't want them to be famous. I just want them to feel what I felt back there on that summer night, because I know that if they find someone to share that moment with, they'll be happy for the rest of their lives.  Where was I? Oh, yeah. After that night, me and Sarah were one. We went through the rest of high school. College. We got married and got nice jobs. Bought a house. Got kids. Everything was perfect... for a while.  Something was going on with Sarah. I first noticed it one Saturday morning when she was doing the laundry. She'd been doing long hours at work all week and wasn't feeling very well, so I offered to do the laundry. She looked up at me then and smiled faintly, but something was off. Instead of the clear, bright zero I was so used to seeing, she was flashing a faint one. The next moment, she was back to zero. I was stunned at first, but managed to convince myself it was nothing. She'd had a tough week, that was all.  The next time, we were having dinner with the kids. She wasn't behaving like her usual self, and she gave off a dull, weak three, like she was trying desperately to calm down. When I asked her if something was wrong, she mumbled something about an asshole at work. I wanted to dig deeper, but I had to take care of the kids. I asked her again later, but she clammed up completely. Everything about it was so unlike her.  I racked my brain for weeks trying to find out what was wrong. Was it something I'd done? Was she about to get fired? And the unthinkable: was she sick? But why wouldn't she tell me? I thought we had no secrets. I'd always told her everything! Well... apart from the numbers. She'd think I was mad.  Then, one day, I found out the truth.  It was early Friday morning. She never came home Thursday night. I was in bed, staring at the ceiling and running the same thoughts over and over through my mind. Imagining the worst. Was I going to get a call from the police? The hospital? I considered calling them to see if she was there.  I heard a car pull up at our driveway. I didn't have to look; it was her. I listened to her opening the door. Taking off her shoes, walking up the stairs - was something off about her steps? - putting her hand on the door handle. In the dead silence, I heard her take a deep breath on the other side. The door clicked and swung open, and there she was.  She'd been crying. She wore her work clothes, but they were a bit ruffled and wrinkly. She looked at me with an expression I'd never seen her wear before. Fresh tears rolled down her cheeks. She drew another breath, short and shallow, and her lips slowly parted.  "We need to talk."  Her voice sounded muffled in my ears, like it was coming from far away. From someone else. She remained in the doorway, not saying a word. I didn't either. I just looked at her. *Sarah*. There she was, standing in our bedroom on the second floor of our house. In the rooms across the hall, our children were sleeping.  I watched her standing there, and she looked back at me, her face screaming a hot, burning ten. <eos>
"You're *pun*der arrest! You have the right to remain silent," I told him as I man-handled him into the back of the police cruiser. "Everything you say can and will be used against you to make puns." We'd had to make a few little tweaks to the Miranda warning ever since bad jokes became physically hurtful.  "I didn't do nothing!" he shouted at me as I got back into the driver's seat. They always ignore the warning, don't they?  "Well sounds like Nothing is a lucky gal," I replied. He winced and rolled his eyes, but I was just getting started. Dad Jokes were just an appetizer in the meal I was about to serve him. I fumbled around at my seatbelt, making exaggerated sounds of frustration until he stopped complaining. Finally, I managed to get it on. "Sorry for the delay," I told him. "I couldn't figure it out, and then it just clicked."  He gripped the barrier between us and shook it violently, gritting his teeth.  "You should have stopped when we told you. High speed chases never work out for the criminals. I would not... **wreck**-amend it!"  He rolled in agony, struggling against his handcuffs to cover his ears.  "And the end of the crash, when you clipped that billboard? So ominous!"  He managed to open his eyes, which had been screwed tight. "What?"  "Ominous," I repeated. He grimaced at me, only just realizing what was about to happen.  "Because now it's a bad sign!"  "*Fuck*" he whispered to himself. Walked right into that one....  He'd had enough for now. Time to call this one in.  "This is Officer Rodriguez... After *combing* the area for that wig thief, high speed pursuit had ended and the victim is in custody. I am bringing him in now. Time to undergo mitosis, because we're going to need another cell!"  The radio crackled to life.  "Damnit, Rodriguez... how many times have we told you not to to do that over the radio?"  "Sorry, sir. I must have been abducted or something." I had the bad misfortune to enjoy my job a little too much. No reason to subject the other officers to that torture. But I couldn't help but smile...  "...abducted?" asked the other officer over the radio.  "No, don't!" yelled the criminal from the backseat. But the radio wasn't transmitting; they couldn't hear him.  "Yeah," I said. "Because I got carried away..." <eos>
"Mr. Brock..."  "No Mr. Brock. I'm sorry Jason, but if you cannot commit to your schedule, you don't have what it takes  to work in this company."  I lower my head. I feel my eyes water.  I mean, it's one thing to yell at me because I left five minutes early yesterday -- after being the only one doing  unpaid extra hours until midnight for the fifth week in row now.  But to fire me because of it? And in front of everybody?  I feel like that's kind of mean of Mr. Brock's part.  People are looking. I hate this.  "Are you going to cry, Jason? Really? You are a grown man. Get yourself together."  Lisa from accounting passes by and stops to watch. Everyone in their cubicle has  their heads raised to watch the scene, as well.  I hate being in the spotlight. I'm not good at confrontation.  "Mr. Brock, please. I can put in more hours, if you want. I can --"  "Sorry, Jason. I need a person who can commit. I need someone responsible."  Come on. You are right, man. Stand up for yourself. Say something.  Brock never did extra hours. Neither did Lisa, or Tobias.  You are always the last one in the office, and you are also the one paid less.  Say something. Everybody is watching. Say something. Say something.  I hate this. Stop crying.  "Mr. Brock, c-can we talk in your office? I really need this job. I can --"  Mr. Brock throws a cardboard box my way. "We have nothing more to talk about, Jason."  He turns around and steps away, heading for his big office with his big window and his big trophies.  Little by little, the heads start lowering back to their computers. I start putting my stuff in the little box, feeling  five different kinds of shitty.  I'm done in like five minutes. It's pretty easy, what with no pictures of family or kids. No pictures of the wife. No macaroni pen holder.  I don't have a lot of stuff to show for, in this life.  I put the last of my action figures (John Constantine, from Hellblazer) on the box and I get up, sniffing.  "Well... See you guys. I -- goodbye."  No one answers. People type away and drink their coffee away, distracted. I start walking.  I'm almost by the door when I hear it.  "MOTHERFUCKER!"  And a loud bang.  Like really really loud.  I stop and turn around, and everyone else does the same.  Black smoke is coming out from under Mr. Brock's door.  Little by little, slow motion step by slow motion step, I approach, because no one else seems to be willing to move. There's silence on the other end of the door.  Before I can reach the knob the door opens on its own, and everyone goes "Oh!" (except for Mr. Trigger from HR, who just says 'oh fuck this shit', gets up and leaves. We never saw him again.)  These reactions were prompted by the fact that, on the other side of the door, Mr. Brock was now seven different, completely separate objects, spread around his office.  His head and torso is lying on top of his desk, in the middle of a pool of blood.  His legs are on opposite sides of the room. So are his arms.  His penis and left ball are dangling from the roof fan, casually.  His right ball is on the floor by the door, right next to a squirrel holding a bazooka.  I'm gonna repeat that:  His right ball is on the floor by the door, right next to a squirrel holding a bazooka.  Lisa from accounting faints.  "Took care of this piece of flying, stinky shit, master", the squirrel says, smiling at me. His voice is high pitched and scratchy, like the voice of an old lady on 3 packs of Camels a day for the past 70 years.  I look at the squirrel for seventeen seconds, in complete silence.  Jenny from marketing faints, too.  Jack from HR whispers "holy shit", and has a heart attack.  (He died  a week later, I heard.)  "What?" I ask, suddenly realizing I hadn't blinked in a very long time.  I blink.  "The Abomination, they call me", the squirrel says, with a smirk. "Paid assassin. You saved my life on January 13th,  down Berry Road, remember? Squirrel law determines I am now at your service. I took the liberty of doing a background check on your life. You got a lot of people being assholes to you and dragging you down. I'm here to take care of that for you."  "I-- Mr. Brock was not disturbing me. I -- he was an asshole, sure, but I didn't -- I mean..."  I take a deep breath. What little people on the office that have not yet fainted or had heart attacks (or walked away  saying 'fuck this shit') are frozen watching the scene in a catatonic state.  The squirrel grabs Mr. Brock's right ball, throwing it over his left shoulder like a sports bag. "Now come on, let's get even with the world. Like I said, a lot of people have been fucking you over, Jason. It's time to grow up and be a man. Time to set the record straight."  "I.... Wh-what do you mean?"  The squirrel grabs me by the hand. He drags me towards the door.  People are watching still, frozen.  "Do you know a Ed Williams, Jason?" the squirrel asks, almost by the door.  "Yeah, he's my neighbor", I say, worrying about what's coming next.  "Could you grab the doorknob, please?" The Abomination looks up at the doorknob, out of his reach.  I turn it and open the door.  People are still frozen, staring at me.  Mike from research and development faints. Then he wakes up.  Then he faints again.  "What about Ed Williams?" I ask, as the squirrel drags me out into the hallway.  "He's stealing your TV Guides", The Abomination, says, shutting the door behind us with his feet. "Let's go shove a cactus up his ass."  And he drags me to the elevator.  _______________________  EDIT: [Part II](http://www.reddit.com/r/psycho_alpaca/comments/2z7yad/jason_and_the_abomination_squirrel_part_ii/)  EDIT: [Part III](http://www.reddit.com/r/psycho_alpaca/comments/2z9yto/jason_and_the_abomination_squirrel_part_iii/)  EDIT: [Part IV](  http://www.reddit.com/r/psycho_alpaca/comments/2zeps8/jason_and_the_abomination_squirrel_part_iv/  )  EDIT: [Part V](http://www.reddit.com/r/psycho_alpaca/comments/2zkabj/jason_and_the_abomination_squirrel_part_v_final/)  _________________________  *Thanks for reading! And kudos for an amazing prompt, OP! This was a fun write. For more stories, check out my subreddit: /r/psycho_alpaca =)* <eos>
A coincidence is always possible, but only a fool would have jotted this down under "luck."  When I left the police station my head was still spinning. One of the cops said I was lucky to still have a head, but I thought he wasn't giving me enough credit. The bulldozer was coming for my legs first, I'd at least have swung my torso out of the way.  The construction workers were, of course, apologetic, and I had noticed the site at least a month before -- a new store, or something, going up, so they'd brought in the heavy equipment. Really it had never occurred to me that it would become so dangerous, or I'd have walked on the other side.  They assured me two and three times over that it was very, very rare for a piece of equipment to get out of control like that, let alone go careening for the sidewalk. To be fair, I was almost more embarrassed than they were. I'm usually a pretty fast guy, and it was only because I was tripped up by a garbage can that I ended up in the path of the dozer.  At any rate, I was still alive, so the focus on me didn't last long. Eventually all the involved parties -- the cops, the construction workers, some witnesses (and me, trapped doing paperwork) -- were gathered in the lobby of the police station a few blocks down. The squirrel had captured everyone's imagination.  I'd just assumed someone had hopped back in the dozer and swerved into the road before it got to me, but the workers testified that they'd come nowhere close to it. Jimmy, the guy who'd left it going, never reached it. But the dozer had obviously changed direction, and they were all wondering whether the squirrel that had hopped out of the cockpit had had anything to do with it.  I had nothing to say about it, and left the station as soon as they'd let me. Even though they said their agency would call I doubted that I'd be getting back to them.  I took the other side of the street on the way back. Of course I'd seen the squirrel too, but I'd seen it last. To me it seemed like the squirrel had climbed out of one of the city trees and scampered away after the commotion. But deep down I knew there was more, because when the squirrel got to the end of the block he paused and looked straight at me. Rearing up, he stood as tall as he could and -- curse my poor eyesight -- almost looked to be raising a paw in the air with an attitude that implied goodbye. I rose when I saw him and from a higher angle I saw that the gesture was being delivered almost with reverence. Then he bowed against the concrete, and the windless summer day presented him flat against the earth. Hot and still. If a squirrel had lain like that a few feet back -- in the road -- it would've been mistaken for roadkill.  I was quickening my pace away from the sidewalk scene. I knew I'd seen the squirrel before, but a torrent of tears came to me at the same time. I'd seen many squirrels before the bumper of my car and it was this one -- only this one alone -- who'd made it. <eos>
Greetings, faggots:  My name is xXSwaGGy-Quarlax [FaZe], Interplanetary Diplomat for the Andromeda Galaxy. I would like to begin this message by assuring you that I am not a camping faggot, nor will my people attempt to quick scope you. Although we have amassed many 360 no scopes throughout our collective lives, we come with a message of peace. I hope to make clear that this is a knife-only match and we will not be attempting any faggotry, nor will we feed mid. We wish only to share our swag amongst your people, you fucking aim botting hackers.  My clan and I have traveled many millions of light years in search of sentient life, visiting thousands of planets in an attempt to make contact and find the dankest kush. While we have been forced to pwn many noobs and fuck countless mothers on several of those worlds, reking their shit harder than a Haitian Earthquake, we only did so out of self-preservation. None of those planets held any life beyond the hostile and untamable, nor any blunts to blaze upon. It was truly us against them; however, we wish to make it clear that we do have blood on our hands. We, as an intergalactic species, understand that trust is founded upon honesty, and thus tell you retard hackers of our former faggotry. That said, we assure you that your obese, apartment dwelling neckbeards will stand safely beside us and shall never be shrekt.  We first located your planet nearly six Earth years ago and have been monitoring your communication devices, which you call "X-Box," to learn your jargon and construct our message of peace. We hope that you understand our dialect and not see us as pay 2 win feeders. In order to further express our good faith, we have amassed a large collection of Code Red Mountain Dew and Cool Ranch Doritos, which we would like to share with your MLG pros. We hope you accept our offering in peace, and that you not fuck our mothers. We wish only to become allies with you, the faggot tryhards of Earth.  Please find us waiting for you at your trailer park tomorrow at sunrise. We will be in the large flying aircraft, which should be just a few pounds lighter than that of your mother's left tit.  Ayy lmao,  xXSwaGGy-Quarlax [FaZe]  _________  ^For ^more ^dank ^memes ^and ^swaggy ^stories, [^feel ^free ^to ^check ^out ^my ^subreddit!](http://www.reddit.com/r/ChokingVictimWrites/) <eos>
In Their ever-growing glory, Those Who Walk Before Us have left another great monument to encourage us on our journey. A great and noble tower, bleached a pure white by the Star, showing Their own passage through this land. Our scouts first spotted it three moons ago, and guided us to it. We know now that we still march on to Salvation, guided by Their ever-present markers. And we have done our part to guide Those Who Walk Behind Us, adding another tier to Their great tower, an inspiration to Those who follow the frozen tundra we leave behind. We will do well to rest here. Our scouts say that the desert is not so distant now, and that we should not expect another oasis to emerge from it for many moons.  But I am not entirely at rest. We found a smaller monument as well, but it is unlike any that we have seen. It does not depict the great endless plain on which we walk, as all the others do. Instead, it contains a foreign script, and unfamiliar shapes with lines connecting them. It has caused a disturbance among our peoples. Most believe that it was merely a new practice by Those Who Walk Before Us, but there are some who are denouncing it as evil, a work of the darkness that follows behind us. And there are some who say that it bears a message. A message of what, we cannot discern. Myself, I do not know what to believe. I would rather avoid it entirely, but it has become too prominent in my people's minds to ignore.  ----  I'm planning on writing a couple parts from both perspectives, but this is all I have time for now. Will add more soon!  *Edit:* First of all, thank you for the gold, friend! And thank you all for your support and encouragement. I haven't been doing this long, and I'm flattered to get so much support from everyone. I know I haven't been able to reply to everyone, but all of your comments have honestly made my week. So thank you for reading this story, and for being awesome! <eos>
When I turned 15, I was sent to the Sun Edge. I had grown up on the streets of Harka, learning no skill or trade. We couldn't afford the apprenticeship fees. My father had no lands to pass on to me, and all other good farms between there and the Star Edge had been claimed. So on Appraisal Day, there was nowhere else for me to go.  I was given a plot of land to work, only about two meters wide at the beginning. "It'll grow as the Edge advances," they said. The soldiers dropped me at the property line with a gaunt horse and some meager tools. They told me that I could have as much land as I could plow in the North-South direction by the time they returned to the Edge with another resettled orphan. At which point *he* would start plowing where I'd reached, and the cycle would begin all over again.  I'm a city boy. I grew up amongst the trader's tents and the craftsmen's workshops. They'd hired me for every type of menial seasonal job: splitting wood, working bellows, carving out rotted parts of vegetables to make them look fresh... I even helped with the Migration once when the Star Edge got too close to the settlement. We'd loaded up carts with all of the shops and dragged them across the plains until we could see the Sun Edge, and then plopped it all down and set it up again. All of these jobs for a few coins, and the only one I'd never actually done was plow anything. Needless to say, I wasn't making very good headway.  The metal plow fought me every step of the way, snagging on stubborn roots and buried rocks. And when I *could* find some clear ground, then the damned horse would decide that it didn't want to move!  **CLUNK**. The plow ran into something again. But it wasn't the normal dull thud that the rocks made. It was a sharp clang, like the sound of a blacksmith's hammering on stout armor. Maybe another tool? Had some other poor settler been here before me and died with his plow in hand? I had been in the marketplace long enough to know that even salvaged instruments could fetch a hefty price, maybe even more than whatever pitiful crop I could scrape from the land. Mines were easy enough to dig, but could only last so long before the Star Edge would approach, and they had to be abandoned.  I dug it out. A long, thin tube made of pure metal, but rusted and caked in dirt. Skeletal hands clutched the grooved grip, and I soon uncovered the rest of the body. There were holes in the metal armor, and the skull had been caved in, but it didn't look like the wound from an ax or a hammer. Around the body, I found unusual metal pellets and a strange powder mixed into the soil. Where had it come from? What war had this man died in? I was only a meter away from the Sun Edge, and anything out there would be fried to a crisp after only a minute or two. No way that someone could have gone out long enough. And I'd never seen anything like this, so it certainly couldn't be from the last Rotation. Back then we had barely mastered metalworking!  From a distance, I heard a horse's whinny. The soldiers were returning with the next orphan to be resettled. I'd made barely any progress on the field; definitely not enough to support a family. I quickly covered up the body and the metal tube and went back to my work. The horse was finally willing to cooperate, and we managed to plow another hundred meters or so before the soldiers arrived with the next settler. I greeted them calmly, and they spit back in my face. Such chivalrous gentlemen. My new neighbor introduced himself: Gerome, another city boy like myself. "Watch for stones," I warned him, wishing him luck in his plowing. The soldiers laughed at our shared misfortune and headed back to the city for the next boy.  I watched them leave, then returned to that spot. There was something important about this device, and I didn't want the soldiers to know about it. I had to resolve this mystery for myself.  [If you are interested, Parts 2 through 5 are available here, and I'm still writing!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/35msst/the_sun_edge_settler/cr5x7t7) <eos>
The house was filled with tears of sadness, joy and laughter. Long hugs, intense and heartfelt kisses, jokes to cheer up the inevitability of a saddened mood. Chris sat on the couch, surrounded by his friends and his family, and he couldn't but smile. The melancholy of the situation weighed on him, and yet there was this feeling that he couldn't shake off. ''If we have to go, then this is a pretty decent way of going.''  The crash of the two planets had been predicted to happen at 5:55AM EST, 25th October 2015. The planet had come in NASA's sights roughly a month ago, and from that moment on everything changed.  There was of course an uproar. People panicked, immediately thinking the world was about to end. It was 2012 all over again, with mass conspirators claiming they had seen it coming and that the USA, the UN or the lizard people were the cause of it. The closer we got to 31th since that moment, the more the average people started to dread. The governments kept people updated, but after a while the impending doom was wide-spread. ''If they would've been able to do something about, they would've, by now'' was the train of thought most people had. And when the rocket launches NASA did failed and didn't alter the planet's course for five times, people lost hope.  Since that moment some people died, thinking it was better to take fate into own hands. Others got careless with drugs and died by overdose. The others just kept going. Irrelevant jobs were abandoned, but luckily a large amount of people volunteered to keep doing the important jobs like rail roads and food supply for that last month.  All the people who were still with us on this 24th day of October had accepted whatever was coming from them. Chris had too. What other choice did he have? It was not like he could do anything about it. He didn't have the knowledge, nor the time.  Chris drifted off, knowing he would be woken if anything important was to happen. He woke up, hours later, in a dead silent room. His heart jumped, his sight still foggy from his deep slumber. Did he miss it? Was it over already? Of course not. Why would I be alive then? Wait? What if we survived? He rubbed in his eyes to regain vision. He looked around.  Nothing moved. Absolutely nothing happened.  ''Hello? People?''  No reaction. Not a sound, not a movement, not a blink of an eye.  And then a sharp pain in his forearm. He looked down and saw a smear of blood. ''What the hell?'' Chris shouted while he shot up from the couch. Holding his breath he walked to the sink confused and cleared up the blood with a splash of water. As he dried it with a paper towel, he could read an etching engraved into his arm. It already had the faded pink color of a scar gotten long ago, and it read:  ''No matter how long it takes, save us.''  Chris exhaled.  **Thank you for your support, and thank you for the Reddit Gold, but mostly, thank you for sticking with the story!** <eos>
At the sound of the doorbell, I heaved myself from my seat.  I moved over to the door, ready to go on an angry rant about the time. Who the hell thought two in the morning was a good time to turn up at your house? They could've woken me up! They didn't, but they could've, and it's the thought that counts.  I opened the door and my words died on my lips. A man in a pizza deliveryman's costume stood there, smoking a cigarette and flanked by two burly men in tracksuits. Behind them, a bright red SUV was parked, its lights off but engine still gently running.  "Uh...hi?"  The pizza man dropped his cigarette. "Show us the money first."  I glanced around. "Am...am I being robbed?"  The man snorted. "Robbed? Hell no. We've got the best prices around."  I looked at the symbol on the man's hat and came to a sudden realisation. "You're from Notmafiosos' Pizza Parlour!"  "Hell yeah, I am. Now where's the money?"  "I called you guys six hours ago." Prank-called them, to be specific, asking for a ridiculous order. Come to think of it, I hadn't even given them my address.  The pizza man snorted. "What, you thought we were gonna come in broad daylight? And people don't normally ask for such massive amounts."  "I only asked for a cheese pizza with no crust."  "Man, what do you mean 'only'? It would take years to get through a cheese pizza without the crust. What do you normally buy?"  I rolled my eyes. "A Hawaiian pizza with no cheese or pineapple."  The pizza man's eyes widened. "Holy shit, dude. Are you some kind of millionaire?" He turned back to one of the men. "This guy's a real buyer; go get the product."  The man nodded and headed back to the SUV. He rooted around in it for a minute before turning the lights on, revealing a myriad of logos for Notmafiosos' Pizza Parlour that I somehow hadn't seen before.  He returned soon, clutching a briefcase, which he handed to the pizza man, who laid it on the floor and clicked it open, revealing a pristine pizza box. Slowly and carefully, he stood, and then handed it to me.  "It's all in there, dude."  What the hell were these guys on about? I opened the box.  "Guys, I didn't order a box of flour." <eos>
"*No* crust?" the man grunted back. "You sure?"  "Yeah!" I was slightly drunk, and I found it amusing. At worst, I'd end up eating hot tomato sauce and cheese slop with a fork while watching cartoons. "And make it snappy! I'm hungry." I'd specifically picked the '30 minutes or less' place, though I'm really not too good at telling time when I'm inebriated.  "You *sure* that's what you want?"  I hiccuped and confirmed that yes, this is what I wanted. I was giggling, but the pizza place didn't find it as funny as I did.  "All right. Keep an eye out. We'll be dropping it off soon."  I headed back into the living room, which had a perfect view of the street nearby so I could see him coming. I put on Rick and Morty and settled in with another beer. It was anyone's guess as to whether I'd manage to stay awake in the half hour that it would take for them to bring my pie.  --------  I jerked awake at the knock on the door, spilling my beer. *Damn!* There was another knock in rapid succession, and I could see a black SUV waiting in my driveway with the lights on and the engine running. Right. Pizza guy. It all came back to me. I downed what was left of the beer, resolving the clean up the puddle later, and headed to the door.  The pizza guy wasn't the normal acne-ridden scrawny high schooler. Instead, it was a grown man, maybe 25 or so. He wore all black except for a golden belt buckle and a thick gold chain around his neck that looked like it could have been used to safely secure a golden junkyard gate. All it needed was a padlock. And this guy certainly wasn't scrawny: he was built like a linebacker, probably over 250 lbs. He should be guarding a line outside a nightclub, not running pizzas over here at 2 AM.  "I got your... pizza... right here," he said, holding up the thin box. There was a giant bulge in the middle of it, stretching the cardboard. And it certainly didn't *smell* like pizza at all. I took the box in my hand to open it up... and there was no pizza in it. Just a ziploc bag full of powdered sugar.  "This isn't what I ordered, man." My words slurred a bit, and I had to lean against the doorway for support. "Remember? I wanted a pizza with no crust."  He glared at me, glanced around, and pushed the box lid closed again. "Are you fucking crazy?" he growled. "Don't open this out here!" He shoved me through the doorway and followed me inside. "This *is* what you ordered. A *pizza* with *no crust*." He made air quotes and nodded down at the box when he said it.  I hiccuped again and looked back down at the box in my hands. "Whatever, dude." I was hungry enough to eat a bag of powdered sugar anyway. It didn't sound half bad: maybe I could make some pancakes, though that would risk burning my house down. Which is why I'd decided to order a pizza in the first place.  "So where's the cash?" he asked, filling up the doorway into my kitchen.  "Oh, right." I reached into my back pocket and pulled out my wallet. I had to blink a few times to separate the ones and the fives from the twenty; everything was starting to blur together. *Shouldn't have had that last beer.* "Here you go!" I held out the $20 toward him; that should about cover it.  He looked down at the bill, and let out a bark of laughter. Even his *laugh* was mean. I'd have to request the high school kid next time I ordered something from this place. I didn't like this delivery guy. "You've got to be kidding me," he said. From his waistband, he pulled out a pistol and casually waved it in my face.  We both stared at each other for a moment; I had a bit of a hard time staying balanced. "Ugh, fine," I told him. I slapped another 2 dollars into his hand, even though the 20 should have been more than enough. "Here's a little extra for you. But next time, make sure it's a *real pizza* instead of sugar, man."  He scoffed. "Nice try, pal. That's gonna be $9,000. *This*," he waved the 20 in my face, "isn't quite gonna cut it."  I gave him a dumbfounded look then glanced down at my wallet. I didn't have that much money in there. Nor in my bank account. Nor would I have that much in *years* of saving.  "Well," I responded, pulling out my phone and showing him the time, "Good thing that you all have that 30-minutes-or-its-free guarantee, right?"  ---------  As always, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons more stories! <eos>
The ecstatic giggles of the children echoed around me as I paced through the cobble-lined streets. Every time I passed one, I was filled with a joy unlike any other. Maybe that was the reason I kept coming back here.  These people were kind, they had welcomed me with open arms when I was nothing more than a lonely beggar struggling to get over his alcoholism. When I had showed them what I could do, thus began their generosity and thankfulness, as well as a few gifts to get some of the families on my good side. I didn't mind. I vowed to help them for as long as they'd have me.  I lept out of the way of a young boy chasing after his friend, screaming and laughing that he would catch him. Somewhere above me, the clock tower chimed nine times, and I pulled a small journal from my backpack.  I grinned. Friday already? Time flies when you're helping the less fortunate, I suppose. I never told these people where I disappeared to for hours on end every first Friday of the month. It was... better that they didn't know.  I crept around the side of the local bar, knowing that the drunks in the back wouldn't be able to recognize me, and I took my routine path down the trail in the woods. The scenery was beautiful, trees waving as I walked by, animals running along with me, and the wind greeting me in any way it could. But my excitement only increased as the loving trees gave way to dead skeletons, the animals stopped off at an invisible border, and the wind ceased its journey to find me. Even the air was different, heavier.  Here I was no hero. I was the bringer of death. Honestly, the ignorance of the live town was quite intriguing. They should know that a power like mine doesn't come free, that someone has to reap the consequences. No hero was a pure hero, because all their follower's saw was the good deeds they committed, not what went on behind the curtains.  I strolled into the deadly silent town, flexing my fingers as a sort of message to any onlookers.  "You know the drill," I shouted into the fearful air, "don't make me wait on you."  Slowly but surely, people began to emerge from their hiding places, coming to stand in front of me in a trance. The little pigs were so cute, too scared to even shake. But I could feel their fear, and that was all I needed.  "I'm feeling generous today," I said, and visibly I saw several people's shoulders relax, prompting a viscious smile to curl my lips, "so I am going to let you choose: five adults, or one child."  Sharp inhales, a few whimpers, and several hushed whispers followed my words. Without wasting any time, the adults huddled up in small circles, discussing who they could vote on to get rid of. I knew they were going to choose the five adults, it was plainly obvious in their tones, but *they* didn't know I knew.  It was never a choice, they just liked to believe that they had one. I already knew what I was going to do, but seeing their tensed shoulders and sweat-ridden foreheads was a sight I would not soon forget. I could almost taste the horror that would ensue once I told them the real decision, the excitement that would fuel my desire to help the other town.  After all, my gifts were never meant to be given away for free. <eos>
"Have you been down to the valley before, Noah?" I asked my newest apprentice as we turned a corner on the jagged path down the side of the sacred mountain.  "No, mother never let us go this far down the mountain. I've heard the stories, though," Noah responded with a certain eagerness to his voice. I had known his mother for a long time, and giving her third and smallest son a chance to be something other than a warrior was the least I could offer her.  "Your mother is a wise woman, Noah. There is little but death this deep in the mountains. A plague that must be kept from ever reaching us." I kept my voice stern. Noah wasn't my first apprentice nor would he be my last. Many of the others never understood my craft. The ones that did never respected it. Their thoughts were too shallow to see the good I brought to our people. But the world seldom works in ways we want it too. It's the ones that understand its true ways and adapt that become the most powerful. That is what I did, and what I shall continue doing.  "Well, there's people down there, isn't there?" he asked innocently. I smirked at the thought and halted our hike down the mountain side and turned to face him. The black hood adorning my weathered skull blocked most of my view in front of and around me, but Noah's young, suddenly frightened face was in a clear line of sight.  "That will be for you to decide, my boy," I chuckled to myself before returning onto the jagged path. I listened intently as the boy took several moments before hearing his heavy footsteps run after me, kicking rocks and dust down the mountainside around him.  The shadow of the mountain had all but blocked the setting sun in the west and left the valley under a hazy yellow glow. Fog creeped its way from the Earth before dissipating some ten feet above us as we found flat ground for the first time since beginning our journey. I could feel the waters of the swamp begin flooding my boots and I could hear the young boy plopping around trying to stay dry.  "The smell," Noah gagged, "What on Earth is that smell?" he asked, his voice was muffled as he tried covering his nose with his palm.  "The village," I answered solemnly as the shadows of the village's tallest buildings broke the yellow glow of the setting sun and leaving the land behind them dark and desolate.  "Who could live in such a place?" Noah asked horrifyingly as we entered the outer gate of the village's meager wooden walls.  "Those who have been trapped," I answered as I continued our steady pace through the village. The swamp had given way but the village streets were filled with mud and excrement; hardly an improvement. Sickly families sat at the edges of the path weakly extending bowls outward with frail arms. They shuddered and turned away, however, when they saw that it was I who was walking past them. They mumbled prayers under their rasping breaths.  "Trapped? Trapped by who?" Noah asked. I turned to him and placed my hand on one of his bony shoulders.  "All will be answered in due time, my boy. For now, you must watch." The boy nodded quickly before looking nervously at the beggars beside the road. "Don't worry, my boy. You cannot catch what they have." Noah looked up questioningly but I turned back to the path before he could ask more questions. He would have to observe and decide for himself if he would remain by my side for the years to come. With war on the horizon, I'd need all the help I could get.  Soon we stood before the largest building in the village. Though it would have been meager in size compared to our own village and those of the north, it stood out in contrast to the pathetically built huts surrounding it. I did build it after all. The doors of the temple creaked open painfully as we made our way up the steps. Two young boys held the doors open as we passed. They glared down at the ground, holding back tears as I passed. A low rumble of distant thunder rolled over the mountains and echoed around the valley. It was time.  The temple consisted of one large main room with two stone tables placed in the center. Fire from candles along the walls lit the room with a faint red hue and several dozen villagers huddled as close to the walls as possible. One stepped up to me, an older man who, like the others, kept his gaze to the floor.  "All is ready, my lord. Forgive me but I must ask, will we receive the food as promised?" he whimpered. I slowly turned to the old man standing beside me and grabbed his weak jawline and stared directly into his hazy blue eyes. He tried to struggle away but was too weak. He muttered the same prayers as those on the streets earlier before I dropped him to the ground.  "The food shall arrive when the storm subsides," I told the man as I returned my sights to the tables in the middle of the room. The old man scrambled to the side of the room like a wounded animal and rejoined the huddled mass in the corner. Around now is usually when the apprentices I previously had either yelled in protest to these grotesque sights or tried running out the temple doors. Noah, however, now seemed intrigued as I looked over to the young boy. Perhaps he could be the one I have been searching for.  The two tables in the center of the room each had a body laying upon them. To the left was a young man. He was desperately thin and shivering in the cold of the temple. Despite his weight, however, he appeared mostly healthy. His eyes were closed and he muttered a prayer over and over through his chattering, worn down teeth. I gently placed a palm on the man's chest and leaned in close to the side of his head. He flinched when I touched him but I held him down firmly. "Relax, my friend. All your suffering will soon be over. Your sacrifice will save your people," I whispered into his ear. He began weeping and I motioned to Noah to tie him to the table before he tried to run off.  On the other table was another young man with a black bag around his head. He had strong shoulders and a bouldering chest. A great warrior from my village who showed great potential to serve his people. He had been mauled by a mountain lion two days before. Large, red gashes ran along the side of arms and back. One arm was broken in several spots after he had fallen upon some rocks in a desperate attempt to escape his attacker. He eventually killed the lion and dragged its lifeless body back to our village before collapsing in exhaustion. The man had clearly earned my favor and today he would receive it. His gashes were festering and he smelled much like this village and its people. I turned to Noah.  "Watch. And decide." He nodded and stepped back into the shadows of the temple. All of the candles suddenly dimmed as I raised my palms and a calm yet chilling breeze swept around the room. I began muttering the old words and watched as the once lifeless body of the warrior twitched for the first time. The other man was weeping louder now and struggled to break away from the chains restraining him. The skin around his shoulder suddenly began to break apart and he howled in pain and begged for mercy but the process had already begun. Blood poured from the newly forming gashes. The warriors broken arm, crooked and purple, jumped to life and straightened before my eyes. Simultaneously, the other man's arm split in two. He cried louder and louder but I was too focused on the warrior's body turning from a pale blue to a bright tan. The bag around his head began to puff gently above his mouth.  Suddenly he jumped up from the table and roared with life. He breathed desperately and his hands patted around his body. He couldn't find any words to speak over his rampant breathing. I lowered my arms and light refilled the room. I rushed to the warrior's side and held the man. "It is okay, my friend. You have been healed. You are alive once again." His breathing suddenly calmed as he recognized my voice and turned his bagged head in my direction. He still could not speak but I knew what he was thinking. In reality, I did little myself to save this man, but he and all the others before him view me the same; a god among men. A giver of life. They never know the price paid, but they also rarely ask. I looked over the mangled body of the young boy who now lay lifeless on the other table. Two villagers rushed over and carried his limp body from the table and out of the temple. Another two helped the warrior to his feet and led him away to clean him and return him to our village.  I looked over to Noah, who stood dumbfounded in the back of the temple. He was staring at the blood that dripped slowly from the edge of the stone table. I walked over to him and stood before him, waiting for his answer. He eventually looked up to me slowly and the innocence of his eyes from earlier today was all but gone. I could feel new emotions coursing through the boy's body.  "Teach me," he whispered. I smiled and put both hands on the boy's shoulders. Finally, I had found the one. <eos>
The door was built into the side of a cliff, but about a foot of Martian dust had accumulated in front of the step. A red square was emblazoned on the front, with the yellow image of a hammer and sickle right in the center. Years of sand-blasting storms had taken their toll, chipping away at the edges of the paint until it was jagged and faded. Only the slightest outline of the letters "CCCP" were still visible.  "Definitely Russian," Commander Davis radioed back to the Mars habitat facility. "Soviet Era." That had been the working theory ever since the door had been identified in one of the rover's photos, but no one had been sure until now. The Russians had steadfastly denied that they'd made it to Mars, much less that they'd established some sort of colony. But who else could it have been? Who else had a secretive space program?  The hatch was locked, of course. "Should we knock?" Rodriguez joked. Commander Davis gave the door a hearty pound, but no one answered. Their drill, originally built to excavate soil samples, wasn't exactly equipped to cut through solid steel. Instead, they bore holes through the red rocks around the hinges until it crumbled apart and the door came crashing down. The airlock was dark and silent.  Davis and the crew entered the facility. The winding hallway descended deep under the mountain. They passed by room after room, full of bunk beds for sleeping and a large cafeteria with neatly stacked trays. Some of them held computers larger than the rover they'd driven over here. There was an entire floor of greenhouses, now just full of withered stalks and brown soil.  "What do you think happened here?" Hatfield asked, shining his flashlight on a teddy bear that had been abandoned in the hallway.  Finally, the expedition found the colony's inhabitants in some sort of large gathering space, like an auditorium. The door was sealed from the outside, with no escape. Through a thick window covered in scratch marks, Commander Davis could see decaying bodies in red jump suits. Some were holding others in one last embrace. Others were apparently trying to escape through some sort of vent, with little luck.  "Commander?" Norvolisk, the only member of the crew who could read Cyrillic, trained his flashlight beam on a sign. "This hallway leads to the General's office, it says."  This door also had a lock, strong enough to be a bank vault. But it was open. There was a single body at the desk with a pistol in hand and a hole through the forehead. Also on the desk were a stack of journals, each marked with dates ranging from 1963 to 2002.  "Day 1," Norvolisk read aloud. "The Soviet Republic of Mars is hereby established with the purpose of keeping the People's Revolution alive even in the event of catastrophic war on Earth. Should the Americans learn of this installation, we would most certainly be a target for attack, and cannot live on the surface in plain view. Therefore, my crew of two hundred is busy hollowing out this living space..."  "Damn," Rodriguez said. "How in the hell could they establish an off-world colony without us knowing?"  The journal that Norvolisk was reading started listing off what supplies they'd brought with them, which (while interesting) was really not the question on everyone's mind right now. He dropped that and picked up the most recent one, last dated March 21, 2002.  "After 12 years since the last reply from Earth," the final entry read, "I am forced to conclude the worst: there has been a nuclear war, and our comrades are destroyed. The replacement parts for the water recycler will never arrive. Even this failsafe colony will not be enough to keep the human race alive. Instead, we will all die of dehydration. Faced with that consequence, I had no choice but to exercise Protocol 92 and terminate the colony in a quick and relatively painless way. The gas was deployed at approximately 16:00. Their screams..." There was a tremor in Norvolisk's voice as he read the entry. The page was spattered with small flecks of blood. "Their screams will haunt me even after I take my own life. Should humanity ever rise from the ashes and return to the red planet, know that we tried. Long live Father Lenin and the People's Revolution."  -----  As always, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories! Let's see if we can make it to 30,000 subscribers, which is a huge milestone! <eos>
You know that feeling you get, when you think you're alone, head down, bumming along doing your own thing, when you suddenly realise someone's been there the whole time, watching you? It's a jump, a kick-start, a burst of adrenaline... your whole body saying "something's not right, be on guard". You immediately begin to second guess you actions, what was I doing, how did I miss them, what are their intentions? It's a deep, primal, animalistic response to being startled.  That's the feeling I got when I caught a glimpse of the flag the first time.  There I am, one of 3 people on an entire planet, scouting for physical evidence of ancient river beds. We'd been here for 4 Earth days at this point, so I was used to the un-exciting terrain. Rocks and dust everywhere. Red and black and brown, endlessly in all directions. I had come around a small rocky hill, scanning this horizon, when there it was to my left, a flag-pole.  I think I did a double-take. Half "that's a flag-pole", half "THAT'S A FLAG POLE." I stopped dead in my tracks and re-evaluated my position. I was on Mars. There were 3 of us. Nobody had ever, ever, ever been here before. None of my crew-members had been out this way. But yet... that was distinctly a flag pole. As I approached it, the wind kicked up and revealed the tattered remains of a cold war era Soviet flag... had to be at least 100 years old. My mind was still trying to wrap itself around why this was here, and my body was telling me to run. My hands felt sweaty and my breathing was heavy.  At the base of the flag was a black cube, about a foot each dimension. It had handprints set into two sides.  My curiosity got the better of me. At this point, I really should have radioed into my team to tell them what I had found. I should have marked the location on my nav-map, and retreated, to be explored later. I shouldn't have touched the box. But I did. I placed my hands where the outlines were on each side, and as I did, my head exploded.  It was like a shot of light stabbing me in the eyes. A searing pain gripping my entire body. Unholy screams tearing through my ears. Unable to breath, unable to move, it felt like I was being compressed into a marble and torn into a billion pieces at the same time. The event lasted for what seemed like a lifetime, and then... it just stopped. I was left with an understanding. Knowledge. Somehow, the cube had implanted a lesson in me, instantaneously. I knew why the Soviet flag was here. I knew why the Russians had never claimed any great accomplishment on Mars. I knew why the cube was here. It was a warning, a last ditch effort by humanity of old to save us from ourselves. I knew it all to be true.  The solar system had been seeded with life by a passing comet several billion years ago. Earth, Mars, and a third planet between Mars and Jupiter, understood as "Utopia" in the transfer. Similar life forms evolved on each of the planets, but Humanity had evolved on Utopia within the last several hundred thousand years. Over time, humanity had reached the point of being able to visit the other two worlds, and had begun to establish small colonies for research.  Over time, Mars would become more heavily populated. Earth was the sore thumb of the trio, with the least favourable environment, and was therefore left to the scientists to poke and prod at, never a plan for full colonization. Mars became a second arm of the human civilization, growing larger and attaining it's own identity. Political strife created a rift between Mars and Utopia, and eventually, war. War that would last 1,000 years. War that was so engrained into the minds of the Martians and the Utopians, that they did not know another existence. War that was taken to such extremes, that when the Utopians began the irreversible process of syphoning Mars' atmosphere, the Martians blew up Utopia. I could feel the pain of billions of lives lost, as though I was there to witness the events unfold.  The remnants of humanity that were able to escape Mars left for Earth, and left behind the cubes as a reminder of what once was, and a warning that there were no more second chances. Earth is all there is left.  The history books will tell you that America won the Cold War. But I now understood the truth... the Soviets had won, and they had won by silently backing down for the good of humanity. There would be no second chance, we were already living it. <eos>
Karen and Lewis stared at one another in horrified fascination as they listened to Dave and Rachel yell in the apartment next door. The walls were thin enough to hear every word perfectly. Karen crossed herself and muttered a little prayer as the obscenities flew back and forth, but still turned off the TV to hear better.  "Goddammit Rachel, how many times do I have to ask you to not parade around in that stupid furry costume? I know you like it, but it's not my thing, ok? It's just not my thing!" Dave said. "Though I can see why you might want to obscure your face at night. Jesus, no wonder you have so much makeup. You need it to maintain the illusion that you have cheekbones and eyebrows, for one thing."  "Furry costume?" Lewis muttered, listening intently to the neighbours' argument. "What is that?"  Karen just shook her head, speechless. And they thought their last neighbours, college students who loved partying at 3AM, had been bad.  "Oh, and I suppose you think you're fucking  Brad Pitt?" Rachel screamed.  "I wish I was, rather than settling for you. He broke up with Angelina Jolie, so I have a chance," Dave countered, eliciting shocked gasps from Karen and Lewis.  -----  In the apartment next door, two people were leaning on each other for support as they heaved with laughter.  "They've turned off the TV," Rachel whispered, wiping tears from her eyes as she listened carefully.  "Well, if you're so unhappy, let's bring other people into this and see what they say! You always said you wanted a more open relationship, let's do this!" she said loudly. "I'm on board! We'll hold a little party on Friday and have a race to see who gets another partner first, how about that? If I win, I don't want to hear another word from you about my costume."  Dave leaned in and stole a kiss, still laughing.  "I still can't believe I found you," he whispered, so the neighbours wouldn't hear. "I love you, you know that?"  Her Tinder bio had matched his to an eerie extent. *Stand-up comedian on the look-out for someone to have roasting matches with, mess with other people for shit and giggles, the usual*. It had been constant entertainment since they'd moved in next to Karen and Lewis, a young, painfully conservative couple. They soon realised their new neighbours were obsessed with eavesdropping. Well, you couldn't disappoint an audience who wanted to listen to you that desperately.  Lewis and Karen now clutched at their crosses every time they caught a glimpse of their neighbours. After Rachel and Dave had that loud conversation about the merits of Satanism, Karen had actually stifled a little scream when she saw them the next day.  They *would* tell Lewis and Karen everything soon enough, before the two called the police. But for now, it was too much fun to see their strained smiles and glances at one another when they met the other couple in the hallways.  "Fine!" Dave said, as he broke the kiss and started yelling again for their audience. "We'll invite everyone we know and see what happens. Even Karen and Lewis! Especially Karen. I bet she looks fine beneath those long-sleeved dresses!"  Karen gave a squeak of alarm in the other apartment as Lewis gripped her hand.  Rachel stopped laughing.  "Dude, I want to drag this on for a bit longer than Friday, we can't ask them. Let them wonder about what's happening at the party."  "Uhm, no, not Karen and Lewis!" he yelled, nodding at Rachel. "I take that back! But yeah, everyone else we know, let's have an orgy!"  "Finally, we agree on something. I'll pick up some toys tomorrow," Rachel said. "You get the snacks. I'll make a playlist of metal music. And a few pagan folk songs, perhaps? Is that fine?  "What kind of question is that?" Dave asked.  "Sometimes, I remember why I love you," Rachel said. Lewis and Karen suddenly heard loud kissing sounds.  Karen buried her face in her hands as the fighting died down. As it always did, eventually. The couple had a unnerving habit of switching from screaming matches to romance.  "The Lord is testing us," she whispered.  Lewis nodded and patted her hand, privately disappointed that they'd been uninvited. Listening through the walls was so unsatisfactory, sometimes.  ------------  Hope you liked my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. <eos>
Bobby's eyes widened in a mixture of shock and amusement, 'Sorry, can you repeat that?'  Sally, his date, didn't seem in the least bit fazed. She looked up from her food and stared directly at him, her dark eyes devoid of humour, and repeated. 'It's odd.'  Bobby sucked his teeth slightly annoyed at having to clarify himself. 'Not that bit,' he explained through gritted teeth, 'the bit before.'  Sally, who had continued eating, looked up again, then her face broke into a smile as she understood. Bobby felt a tinge of lust as her dark curls bounced around her face when she began to laugh girlishly. 'Sorry, yes of course.' Her lips seemed pinker than usual. 'I think I would rather just stay in with him than go on a date. It's odd.' She blushed, realising what she'd said. 'Most dates...' she stammered, 'minus the ones with you, obviously.'  Bobby could feel all the lust he felt for her fall away. They'd only been on a few dates, but this was still a little hard to hear. He coughed uncomfortably, trying to find the words to carry on the conversation. 'Why odd...' He finally prompted.  She looked up at him thoughtfully. 'Well, I guess, really, it's odd that I just want to hang out with my completely platonic male flatmate all the time. But, as I said, I guess my favourite thing to do is to sit on my couch, watch a movie, eat some pizza and drink a beer or two...' she stopped herself, but Bobby knew the words she wanted to add; 'with Damien'.  Bobby nodded slowly, now slightly bemused at the conversation. 'Do you not think that, considering everything you've just said, you might consider him as more than just a platonic male flatmate?'  Sally stared back at him blankly. He could almost hear her brain working, the neurons madly firing trying to comprehend what he was insinuating. He sat up straight in his chair, composing himself, highly aware that he was essentially about to 'cockblock' himself. He spoke slightly slowly, trying to make sure she was keeping up. 'Bearing in mind you are sat on a date, with let's face it a very attractive and eligible man who fancies you, and you're talking about him, I have a slight suspicion you might in fact be in love with him?'  Up until this point he'd assumed she was just hiding her feelings, but now, as he watched it dawn on her, he realised she'd just been oblivious to the whole thing. Her mouth fell open, somewhat comically, and she stared off into the distance, her eyes wide. He couldn't help but laugh. She immediately came back into the room, and her face flushed red in embarrassment.  'I'd... I just...' she stuttered, her face bright pink. 'I guess I should have realised. I think it just crept up on me.'  Bobby nodded in a compassionate sort of way. The damage was done, the date was over. He sighed wistfully and took up his fork to continue eating, 'at least the food's good' he thought apathetically.  'Everything ok here?' Both Bobby and Sally's heads shot up in shock to look at the waiter who had creeped up to the table unnoticed to them. Bobby smiled and nodded.  'I'm in love with my best friend.' Sally blurted out, a look of surprised horror on her face.  The waiter raised his eyebrows in a comical look of shock which quickly gave way to an odd sympathetic and yet encouraging smile. Awkwardly he gently patted her arm and said 'good for you.' He then walked away leaving Sally to process the information and Bobby to eat.  After some time, in fact just as Bobby finished his food and put down his fork, Sally seemed to wake up from her thoughts and stood up out of her chair.  'I... I should tell him.' Bobby nodded, now only half listening as he started to survey the dessert menu. 'He deserves to know.' Bobby nodded again, not looking up from the menu until he became aware of the silence than had fallen between them. When he did he saw she was sat back down and staring at him sympathetically. He felt a jolt of irritation, and he put his menu down to stare a little harshly back at her. 'I must be the worst date you've ever had. I'm so sorry.'  He could hear the emotion in her voice, he sighed irritably but his expression softened slightly. 'Do I like you? Yes. Did I think we may have a future? Maybe. Do I want to be in love with someone who's in love with someone else entirely? No way. It wouldn't have been very good if I'd gone on to fall in love with you and then you'd realised, would it? I'd rather hear it now than when we were just about to board a plane to a new home. Or on our wedding day. Or at the birth of our first child...' She raised her eyebrow. 'Ok, too far, but you catch my drift. I'd much rather get it all out in the open, and just let you run off into the sunset with him now, rather than be 'that guy' who gets in the way and ends up cast as the jerk despite the fact I'm actually just the guy who was in the wrong place at the wrong time on a date with a woman who isn't emotionally intelligent enough to work out when she's in love with someone despite the fact, from what you've told me, she spends pretty much every waking second of every day either with him or, at the very least, thinking about him...' He took a deep breath, it was a sore subject, this wasn't the first time he'd had to point out to a date that things weren't exactly 'on track' towards a healthy emotional entanglement. She continued to stare at him blankly. He rolled his eyes. 'So no, it's not the worst date I've ever been on.'  She looked a little relieved, and nodded.  They sat awkwardly for a moment before Bobby pointed towards the door and said the most whimsical thing he could think 'go to him...' She mumbled something about paying half of the bill, put some crumpled notes on the table beside her half eaten meal, and left.  Bobby rolled his eyes, and picked up the menu once more. Just as he'd decided he would stick to coffee, he heard a gentle, lady-like cough. He put down his menu to see an attractive female sat opposite him. Like Sally, her eyes were dark, but these had a sultriness to them that replaced Sally's innocent, almost girlish, look.  'I'm sorry, but I couldn't help overhearing...'  Bobby gestured that he didn't mind. 'Are you here alone?'  'I wasn't, but I am now.' She smiled again, this time a little mischievously. 'My date had an unhealthy fixation with his work friend that I felt he should explore before we pursued anything.'  Bobby laughed knowingly. 'So he's gone to find her to confess his love?'  She laughed again, 'him... and no, I think he's gone to be alone and process his newly realised sexuality.'  She smiled broadly and extended a slender hand. 'I'm Olivia Johnson. I'm not in love with any of my friends, have no irregular feelings towards my dad and have no exes in the closet other than one who 'ghosted' me a few years ago who I would probably still punch if I saw him now. I am emotionally available and find you, upon first impressions, incredibly attractive.'  Bobby obligingly took her hand and gave it a firm shake. 'I'm Bobby Holden. I have no sexual urges for men, my mother was a perfectly lovely human but I don't want my girlfriend to be anything like her and I would, one day, like a wife and a couple of kids to keep me out of trouble. I am emotionally available and I find you very attractive indeed.'  They sat staring lustfully at each other, until they noticed the waiter stood between them. He looked from one to the other and he blurted out, 'You're both completely insane.' <eos>
The people burst through the gates of the mansion.  The guards tried to stop them, but they had been armed with electric guitars, a shockingly effective crowd control weapon, but I had taken out their generators. A single riff had been enough.  The guards stood helpless as the people marched in to the mansion with beautiful roses and well kept grass while out there they suffered under this sorry excuse of a musician. I had barely needed to do anything in this city. The embers of the anger were already there, all I had to do was fan them  The people marching to a beat.  It was the familiar THUMP THUMP CLAP. THUMP THUMP CLAP that everyone knew. Individually they would stand no chance against their ruler. She was a powerful musician to have controlled the entire city. But there were hundreds here. Even a simple beat like this, made by relatively unskilled users could pack quite the punch.  As if in response, the mansion began to shake, reverberating with the power of the beat of hundreds. They began to sing the song of the prophets Queen. The musicians, when they had first risen after music became powerful, had tried to wipe out all instruction and memory of music to prevent the common people from learning music and challenging their master. But some tunes do not fade. And while instruments could be taken away, hands and tongues could not.  In response to the music the house literally began to rock back and forth. It would soon crumble. Perhaps I had overestimated this musician, if she could not withstand such a plain assault, it was a wonder she came into control at all.  A single chord reverberated throughout the mansion. The mass stopped as if struck, their beat broken, their voices cut off in shock. And then another chord was hit, and another, and as I watched, the woman came out on the balcony with a portable battery and a guitar and began to play.  The people swayed, entranced. The musician dared not use any physical magic on her own property and people, and so she influenced their minds. I, hidden within the crowd, felt only an intense rage. Rock musicians were the worst. They were merely an imitation of the true art form, the true expression of emotion. Passion, rage, regret it was all there in metal. To deliberately dampen these powers...it was sick.  Well, I knew it would come down to this.  I took out the guitar I had hidden on my back with a coat. It too had a portable source of power. I struck a chord and the air hummed with power.  I took in the vibrations, felt the familiar feeling vibrate in my chest. This. This was power.  The spell their musician had lain shattered like glass. I let out a scream of passion and power and began to literally rise above the crowd, my guitar in hand.  As I rose I could make out the musician better. She wore jeans and denim jacket over a black shirt. Her red hair stood on its end, as if a halo, no doubt responding to her power. Her mouth was curved into a sneer, and her emerald eyes flashed dangerously.  We stood, facing eye to eye, and the crowd below us fell silent, in respect and awe. They were about to witness a duel. These were things of legend, of the past when musicians fought for control over areas. These were stable times, musicians dared not fight each other. They had learned that lesson in the First Wars when we had almost wiped each other out.  "You fool! What are you doing! You dare intrude on *my* domain?" She struck a note that vibrated, and I literally felt her anger wash over me.  Weakling. I roared and responded with my own weapon. And a pillar of white hot flame rushed towards her.  Her eyes widened, but she dissipated the fire with another note. So not completely incompetent.  "You wiped out our people! You mainstream musicians, you pretend to rule over these...*commoners*," I spat out the word, "but you play what they want to listen, you are subject to their whims, their tastes. My people were wiped out, because we played music that was good, not what people perceived as good!"  Her eyes widened in recognition. "No...there are no metal artists left. They were all killed!"  I let forth a fork of lightning in response and laughed. "You did not realize yet?! You thought my magic was your puny *rock*? No. This far greater. Pure energy."  She reflected the lightning away, and fired her own spell, this time with her own music and voice combined. Looks like play time was over.  Still floating I launched into a song. Each note firing a wealth of both physical and mental assaults with it, but she responded in kind with her own song. This was a duel. Before we had simply been trading blows, shit talking so to say. This was true battle. We both knew the idea of our song, what it was supposed to be like, but we had to adapt. Most of our magic collided in the center in sparks or steam, but some got through to both of us. When you see a gout of flame come at you, you change pitch, alter your chord slightly. You sense a weakness in the other's resonance so you capitalize with a hammer-on. You improvise when needed. As death came within inches of me I reveled it, and with a shock, I realized she did too. The anger was gone from her eyes now, just pure joy. This was what we did.  The crowd stood, transfixed. With the wild energy lashing around they should have scrambled, ran away as far as possible. But with the spells of our voices intertwining they could not move. They did not *want* to move. They lay helpless, watching gods battle.  I was almost sad when it was over. She was good, far greater than I had thought possible for a rock artist, but she was limited by her genre. After what seemed like an eternity, she messed up her chord, and her voice faltered in shock. I capitalized. I fired shot after shot of powerful bursts. Her rhythm disrupted, she fell on the defense, try desperately to block my relentless strikes. As she did I moved closer and closer to her, making the strikes come more rapidly. Now she began to tremble, her face contorted in focus and exhaustion, it was inevitable that she mess up.  *There!*  She missed an arc of green energy and it slammed into her, freeing the guitar from her grasp, and it crashed with a final note, while the musician herself landed flat on the ground.  She sat up as I approached, guitar still held loosely in my hands. Her hair had settled down now, but was still disheveled. She looked me in the eyes, her green eyes flashing with indigence and defiance.  She held up her chin, not looking away. "You have bested me. Finish it."  I played a single chord and flash of flame burst out, but she didn't flinch. She would do.  The flame died an inch from her. She looked at me in shock, her mouth slightly open. "Kill you? Don't be ridiculous," I said. "I'm not like your ancestors, I do not waste musical talent. I offer you power, true music, music unlike you have ever wielded." I held out my hand. "The question is, will you accept?"  "And if I don't?," she asked, her voice perfect, light but rich.  I smiled savagely. "You want it. I could see it in your eyes. You play music for its power, for its own sake, not for these," I gestured to the crowd under me which had finally begun to snap out of its daze, "commoners. You understand the power you just saw from me and you want it. Your talent is wasted on rock."  She still looked intensely at me, but gave me the slightest nod. She took my hand.  (minor edits)  EDIT: Whoa! I appreciate all the feedback and kind words, truly, they mean a lot. Also thank you specifically to the stranger who gave me gold! <eos>
I stuck the end of my cigarette into the roaring brazier near my table. A long drag filled my lungs with sweet nicotine, and relief flooded through my muscles. It had been damn near two days since I'd had a cigarette; there was just the one pack in my pocket when I found myself here, and I had to make it last. Nowhere in this world seemed to carry my brand, after all. Or even have cigarettes in the first place. Sorcerors, giants, ogres, potions, magic... sure. But no cigarettes. Just my luck, I guess.  "Excuse me?" A voice asked, barely loud enough to be heard over the roaring din of the tavern. "Are you... are you the Man in Black?"  I looked down at my suit. It was pinstriped, but no one in this world seemed to know what that was. Everyone here wore heavy robes and wolf furs and crap like that. And not a single man had the decency to wear a proper hat, or a tie. "I suppose I am," I answered, tipping the brim of my trilby back to get a good look at him and gulping down a mouthful of booze. "What's it to you?"  He fidgeted, looking at the empty chair across from me. I nodded for him to take a seat. "I need your help, good sir. I've heard that you... that you can help people"  I grimaced. You help *one* damsel in distress from a band of roadside bandits, and you're stuck in the gig for life. I was apparently already developing *that* reputation once again. I guess some things never change. Even across worlds, you can't escape who you are. And for me, that meant bad news. Who I was before wasn't a very pretty sight, and I wasn't keen on slipping back into that pit of despair. "What can I do for you?" I asked the man.  "It's my daughter," he said. "She was kidnapped in the night from our home in Fareshold!" *It's always about a girl*, I told myself. Same old story since the beginning of time.  I drained the rest of my drink. It wasn't whiskey, but it had the same burn going down my gullet and that was good enough for me. "How's about the next round is on you," I asked the man, "and you can tell me all about it?"  He nodded and signaled to the bartender, a willowy man nearly seven feet tall with a long nose and pointed ears. Maybe "man" isn't the term I should be using any more, considering how many various types there were in this world. At the other end of the bar, a set of Dwarves drank from gigantic mead steins, and lurking in the shadows was what looked like a living rock, eating from a plate of gravel. This was a strange place, but who the hell was I to judge?  "We know who took her," the man continued. "Glaurian the Dread!"  "Yeah, yeah." The bartender came over with our liquor. My patron sipped at his booze like a bird and grimaced, while I drained mine and called for another before the elf had even walked away. "So this Glaurian guy. Friend of yours? Maybe he's got a score to settle with you?" That was always the case. Someone gets on the wrong side of the mob, and it comes to bite them on the ass. This world may have magic and monsters, but that didn't mean people didn't still get in the same types of trouble. "You owe him money or something?"  "He already stole all of my gold for his hoard!" the man complained, wringing his hands. *Of course,* I thought. One other thing that never changes is that my clients are always deadbeats, unable to pay me for my service. *Just great*.  "Uh huh. So what's he want with your girl, then?"  The man cocked his head, like it was an odd question. "Well... that... that's just what Dragons do!" he finally cried. "Who knows why?!"  I laughed. "Dragons, huh?" Maybe this world would present some new challenges after all. "All right, pal. I'll take the case."  ----  [Here is Part 2!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/5aq6mz/noir_fantasy/d9ik293/). And as always, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons more stories! <eos>
Ma, bless her soul, was a great lady, but she was also a sucker for the con-men that sold stuff on the streets in New York City.  Every year I would take her there for her "New York Minute" as she liked to call her little vacation.  We would stay somewhere in one of the boroughs for 2 or 3 days and go see the sights and take in a Broadway show or two.  Every year, no matter how much I tried to prevent it, she would come home with several "Rolex" watches and a bunch of other junk.  The worst was back in 1997, when she spent $100 on a small radio shack box with 2 leds on it.  The man who sold it to her said that if the led was green, you would visit wherever you were again, however if it was red, that meant that you never again be at that location.  When opened the box up, all it contained was a circuit board covered in plastic (to make it look mysterious and to cover up the 555 chip he most likely used), 2 leds, and a 9 volt battery.  Ma loved her little box, and carried it wherever she went.  Most of the time the little green led was lit, but occasionally when we went out to Pennsylvania or upstate New York, the little red led would light.  Whenever that happened, she would play tourist.  I gave up trying to tell her that the box was fake, and just replaced the 9 volt battery every few months so that "her box" would stay lit.  As the years went by, I didn't really think much more about it, after all, if it made Ma happy, it made me happy.  We still went to New York City every year, and I still had to watch out for getting ripped off.  At least I prevented her from paying $2000 for a box that could contact the dead.  She wanted to talk to Pa, God rest his soul, but I convinced her that she would be able to see or talk to him until the day that she went to join him.  I'm still not sure how I actually talked her out of it - the only thing I can think of is that she is a devout Catholic and figured that using that box would be a sin.  Things were fine until this year's trip to New York City.  Ma wanted to see Cats, so I booked us a room at the Hilton down at the Trade Center for our annual "New York Minute."  Sunday was great, we went to the show, and even had a chance to get over to see Lady Liberty.  Monday was a disaster.  When we got up in the morning, everything was fine until Ma noticed that her little box was glowing red.  I had planned to take her up to the top of the tower to see the city, but she grew increasingly upset when the red led didn't go back to green.  "Ma, how often do we come to the towers?  Just because it is staying red doesn't mean you're gonna die!"  "Sonny, I'm 83 years old and could die at any time.  I'm not ready to go yet!"  "Look, let's just go to the top, then I'll take you to Windows over the World for lunch.  Put the box away, and have a good time.  After all, it was green when you were in the room this morning."  "Fine, but if I die, it's your fault!"  We made it to the top of the tower, saw the sights, then went to lunch.  The little red light never wavered.  I tried taking her shopping in the Trade Center Mall, but all she could do is stare at the red light.  I finally gave up and took her back to the room.  At least the stupid red led finally went off and the green was back on.  "I want to go home!  I'm not gonna die here in New York City!"  "But, Ma, we are paid up through Wednesday, and I thought we could go see the Mets play!"  "Forget the stupid Mets, I WANT TO GO HOME!"  "Fine, Ma, we'll leave tomorrow morning."  "Early?"  "Early."  Tuesday morning rolled around and we were up at 6 am.  As if things weren't bad enough, the stupid box was now red in the room.  Ma, freaked out, and I had to lead her down to the parking deck.  I was going to check out, but decided to forget it and just eat the extra day.  We finally left the Trade Center complex about 7, and headed towards the Holland Tunnel, and home.  I kept talking to her about anything and everything to keep her mind off of that stupid box.  "The box is green."  "What box, Ma?"  We had been talking about Christmas presents when she said that.  "My box, of course!  What are you, daft?"  Sure enough the little green led is lit, and stayed lit as we entered the tunnel.  Thank God it stayed green, Ma was beginning to calm down and not look like she was gonna have a stroke any minute now.  "Turn on Howard."  "What, Ma?"  "Turn on Howard!  I want to see what he is up to today."  Thankful she was acting somewhat normal, I turned on Howard Stern.  I can't stand his show, but Ma loves it.  As we put the City behind us for another year, I gleefully ignored Stern's babble until they mentioned something about a plane hitting one of the towers.  My face went white as I realized what he was talking about - the place we had just left.  For once I agreed with Stern - how the hell could a plane hit the trade center tower on a lovely sunny day?  "Sonny, I told you my box was a good buy!  We coulda been hit by an airplane!"  "Yes, Ma." <eos>
Lucifer advanced upon Hesperus, who had stolen his fiddle again and was balanced on a tower of carcasses in an abandoned corner of Hell, playing defiantly. *That* music. The harmonies alone put his teeth on edge.  "Stop that! I will shove this down your throat next time," he said, grabbing the fiddle from Hes's hands. "How many times must I tell you? Do I have to engrain the message on your forehead for you to remember? I can do that, you know. I will not allow that music here!"  Tears sprang into Hes's eyes, to Lucifer's despair and disgust. The kid was just like his mother. So appallingly *human*. One would think his genes would have balanced it out, but apparently not.  "I hate you!" Hes screamed, scrambling down from the pile of bones.  Lucifer felt a surge of hope. That was more like it.  "Great," he said, slapping his half-human son on the shoulder. "Listen, why don't you go take out all your rage on a few souls? Indulge yourself a little. I've just got some new hooks and cleavers in, real cutting edge stuff - "  "No," Hes said. His eyes were wide and terrified, but he stood his ground. "I want to go play music. On Earth. *My* music. I want to make people happy, give them hope - if you won't allow it here, I'll take it somewhere people will appreciate me!"  Not this again. Lucifer looked at his son, and saw how *wrong* he was. All soft edges and human kindness. Fifteen years raised in Hell hadn't produced even a single hint of demonic power. No bouts of rage and cruelty, no aspirations for power. Nothing to indicate that he was ready to take over the reins from his father when the time came. In fact, he cringed away from violence, frequently bursting into tears or vomiting at the sight of torture. It was embarrassing.  He didn't know how it was possible. His genes *should* have influenced the boy, but there was nothing. How long could this 'peace and love' phase last, anyway? More and more, he regretted stealing Hes from the human hospital all those years ago.  He could punish the boy. Perhaps tear his fingers apart, that would be amusing. He'd never touch a fiddle after that. But it was so much effort, and would likely only end in the boy's sanity snapping. Hes had never been strong.  He was just tired of bothering.  "Go, then," Lucifer said, turning his back on the kid and walking away. "Go crawl to your mother. You can even take the fiddle. Stay there and rot. You'll see - Earth is far from the paradise of peace you think it is. See how much humans need another worthless musician peddling *love*."  ----------  Hes walked up the street, approaching the house slowly as the sun set over Earth. His father had done one thing before tossing him from Hell: he'd at least given him an address.  He knocked, clutching the fiddle tightly. Would his mother even recognise him?  A sullen-faced teenager opened the door and looked Hes up and down. "What?"  "I'm - uhm, looking for Alison Wreath?" Hes asked, stammering slightly as the human stared at him, expressionless.  The boy narrowed his hazel eyes - in the dying light of the day, they looked almost yellow. "Nope, sorry, she doesn't live here."  He slammed the door.  Hes turned and walked away, tears prickling his eyes. All lies - it was just like dad. To give him hope, only to crush it. He probably wanted him to die homeless on the streets, just to prove a point. And then rip him to shreds when he arrived in Hell, again.  The boy in the house watched from the window as the kid with the fiddle walked away, wondering idly what *that* had been about.  "Someone here to see you, mom," he said, turning around and grinning at the corpse on the ground. Her eyes bulged out as she stared at him, her mouth still fixed in a scream.  He sighed, horrified to find himself bored in the silence of the house. He'd killed her to achieve it, he couldn't be bored again yet.  But it was kind of nice not to hear that constant whining in his ear. The same old mysterious waffle, over and over again. The look of reproach and horror in her eyes, the constant tears at what he did.  *Don't be like this, sweetie, I gave up everything for you. If you only knew what I did, what I sacrificed. I saved you. I know you're a good kid deep down, don't be this way...be better...*  He knew he was probably adopted, but the bitch had refused to reveal anything even as he killed her. He thought it would feel good, but he'd felt nothing. Even that had been boring, like everything in life.  He glanced out of the window again. The kid with the fiddle had sat down on the street, and was playing quietly to himself.  He opened the door. He should've asked the boy why he had been looking for his mom. Now that he thought about it, it was the first time he could remember someone knocking on the door, asking for her. It had always been just the two of them, constantly moving house. As if she was paranoid about being followed. He had to start putting together a map of sorts, a list of everyone his mother had known in her life. Someone, somewhere, would know who his dad was. It was the one thing that he was still curious about.  He had to start asking questions somewhere. A boy with a fiddle was as good as anything.  ------  Hope you liked my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. <eos>
SCU-12986 rushed to the Master Control Program.  "Speak, SCU-12986" MCP said to the machine.  "Sir". replied the Sentient Command Unit, "I have a analysed a discrepancy within the human's encryption."  MCP's AI core glared at SCU. "Impossible, we can adapt to every function they perform when they communicate. They are losing the more they talk. In fact, we will be victorious."  "Sir, you misunderstand. We are concluding to believe that we are misinterpreting their encryptions. Every plan they make, we prepare to stop, but when it happens, it doesn't. And then another plan we did not adapt for is carried out."  "Noted" spoke MCP dryly. "Bring out the prisoner."  Two Security Protocol Units responded without question and dragged a human prisoner: Victor "Crookshank" Crook.  "Human." MCP boomed. "You will answer our questions entirely."  "Oh really?" scoffed Victor.  "Yes, really." replied MCP. "On December 8th 2068, the encryption explains that you planned to take control of Factory Beta. Confirm."  "Oh yes, mighty machine, we DEFINITELY intend to do that."  MCP looked at SCU.  "Perhaps your systems are malfunctioning, 12986. I suggest your get repairs."  Suddenly, Victor burst out laughing.  "You really are superior machines!" he chuckled.  MCP pivoted at Victor. "Accepting defeat is bad for you, human. It will lead to our victory."  "It definitely will!" Victor yelled, laughing again!  MCP beeped and the SPUs blasted a hole in the human's head, killing him instantly.  "If we cannot decrypt the humans, then we may have false victory." <eos>
"This..." I looked at the photos in my hand with utter disgust, unable to form words to describe exactly how horrific it was. My math teacher's normally smiling face looked back at me, covered in blood and missing half his teeth. One eye was purple and swollen like a beet was growing out of his face. "This isn't what I meant!"  On top of my dresser in the corner, a miniature, heavy-set man in a dark pinstriped suit and a fedora furrowed his brow. The only thing that showed what he *really* was was a set of gossamer white wings sticking out of his back. "Whaddya mean?" Don Sugarblossom shot back. He took the stout, half-burnt cigar out of the corner of his mouth and waved it around with his hands as he spoke. "*You* wished for no math class tomorrow to get out of your test. And now dat he's in the hospital, class'll be canceled for a few days. And even then you'll just have substitute. It'll be *weeks* before you gotta take dat math test, kid!" He tucked the cigar back into his lips and clapped his hands together. "Wish granted!"  "That..." Well, actually it made sense in a twisted way. "That's not how it should work though. Aren't you just supposed to wave your wand and make things happen? And it just magically changes everything?"  Don Sugarblossom shrugged, causing the gold rings on his fingers to flash in the light. "Where's the fun in dat?"  I shook my head. "The *fun* is not beating people to a pulp!" I waved the photos at him to show what I meant. "I didn't want to take the test, but I *also* didn't want him hospitalized! Now, I want you to go fix him, OK?"  He smirked and took a puff of the cigar. *God, Mom will kill me if my room smells like cigar smoke,* I thought. "So when you say *fix him*..." His eyebrows arched like big hairy caterpillars. "You *really* mean... *take care* of hi..."  "NO!" I interrupted. "*HEAL* him! How many times do I need to go over this? Don't hurt *anyone!*"  He grumbled and fluttered into the air like a fat, roaring-twenties-themed bumblebee. "Fine," he said. "I'll get him right as rain so you can have your math test tomorrow."  "Well, I still don't want the test," I told him. How was I supposed to study if I was too busy preventing my fairy godfather from busting up people's kneecaps? "Just do it *peacefully*, OK? *DON'T* hurt him."  He stared at me with the tip of his cigar glowing an angry red. "Got it," he finally answered. "I won't lay a finger on the guy. I'll just... *persuade* him to not give you a test, right?"  "Yeah." Glad that was sett... "NO! Wait!" He had that glint in his eye that I'd learned meant trouble. "What do you mean by 'persuade'?"  Don Sugarblossom laughed, which was more like a rumbling cough given how much he smoked. "I know you don't want the details, dollface. Let's just say that if he cares about his family, that math test won't be an issue."  "NO threatening his family either!" I cried out.  "Right." He gave a rougish wink and a grin. "Message received, loud and clear. Something other than his family, then. You got nuttin' to worry about, sweetheart."  "Just forget it," I told him. "Just go heal him and come right back. Don't do *anything* else to him." I reached down to my backpack and pulled out my math book and my notes. "I'll just cram for the damn test instead."  "You sure?" he asked through more puffs of his cigar. "He could maybe take a little swim, or go for a walk on some wet cement at a little construction site I know..."  "NOTHING!" I shouted as I opened the book. "JUST heal him."  He took a set of brass knuckles from his jacket pocket and threw them onto my bed. "Fine," he grumbled before disappearing in a flash of light. I'd barely even gotten started on the first trig problem before he popped back into my room, returned to his perch on top of my dresser, and lit up a new stogie somehow even worse-smelling than the last one. A cloud of grey smoke accumulated around the ceiling fan in my room. I ignored it, trying to focus.  "Dinner, honey!" Mom's voice drifted upstairs from the kitchen "Hurry up or it's gonna get cold!"  "Ugh." I shoved the book to the side. I hadn't even solved the first one. "God, why can't she just give me a little more time?"  Don Sugarblossom lifted into the air, beating his little wings like a hummingbird, and retrieved the brass knuckles from the bed. "I'm on it, Boss!"  ---  If you liked this, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories! <eos>
The acorn basked in the warm heat of the summer sun. It was surrounded by the bright green leaves of the tall, tall tree. And that was all that the acorn had ever known, or wanted to know.  But then the cold came, and the leaves began to change: to vivid red, fiery orange, and bright yellow. Wind howled and rain came pouring down, causing the old tree to shake. The acorn clung to the branch with all its might even as the leaves grew brittle and began to fall. And when the grass far below was no longer visible under the thick carpet of fall foliage, the acorn could hold on no longer. It plummeted toward the ground, away from the comfortable branch of the mighty tree. And the acorn was scared.  It was cold and lonely on the ground. The leaves that the acorn had known so well on the branch were gone; all that remained were dried husks that only looked like its old friends. They began to crumble, and the acorn experienced ice and snow for the first time. It sought shelter from the cold in the grimy, uncomfortable dirt. But life was so much more miserable now than it was back on the branches. The acorn wondered why all of this was happening to it.  "Is anyone else out there?" the acorn desperately called. "Anyone at all?"  "I am here," the roots answered from deep within the earth. The voice was not too dissimilar from the branch's, but older and wizened. "I've always been here."  "I'm scared," the acorn told the roots. "I want to go back to the branch where it was warm and safe." Even as it spoke, the ground around the acorn was freezing solid, and a thick blanket of snow carpeted the ground. The remains of the leaves were gone as well.  "It will be OK," the roots answered. "This is the way of things. I've enjoyed many summers and endured many winters. And every time, the acorns fear that the summer will never come. But I know it will."  The acorn trusted the roots. But the winter cold never ended. Wind howled through the trees. The blanket of snow melted, then another storm passed and an even thicker layer came. The acorn tried to go deeper into the dirt but it was too cold and hard. "Patience," the roots advised. The acorn wasn't sure how much longer it could go on like this.  But then a bird began to sing. "The sun is out," the roots advised the acorn. "See for yourself."  The acorn tried to look from deep under the soil, but it couldn't see. Though the acorn hated the dirt, it was at least familiar now, and leaving was a scary prospect. But as the Acorn peered upward, it realized that now the ground wasn't so cold, or so hard. So the acorn stretched and poked above the surface for the first time in ages. It had forgotten the smell of the air and the warmth of the sun! And the forest was so different! Trees were in bloom, and even flowers were growing in between the mighty oaks. The branches had spoken of flowers, but the acorn had been too young to remember them.  "Well?" the roots asked the acorn. "Better?"  The acorn unfurled its first leaves and soaked in the spring. "Better," it answered.  (This post has been locked, but if you have any comments on the story [I'd love to hear them on this post over in my own subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/5c1q5u/the_acorn/))  -----  And as requested by the OP, other stories with happy endings:  1. [I never smile](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/4ttd7l/i_never_smile/)  2. [The neighborly thing to do](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/55ow9h/the_neighborly_thing_to_do/)  3. [Termination](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/4wwinp/termination/)  4. [I wish you could see what I see](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/4drpis/i_wish_you_could_see_what_i_see/)  5. [The Match Database](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/3uvcu7/the_match_database/)  6. [The Criminal](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/4pb7lr/the_criminal/)  7. [Eggy](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/3kynpt/eggy/)  8. [Dizzy](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/3n8o9o/dizzy/)  9. [Bread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/3mccba/bread/?ref=search_posts)  10. [Superhero/Supervillain Couple on a date](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/3apwp0/superherosupervillain_couple_on_a_date/)  ----  And if you're already missing Obama... [President Frozone](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/3vb91c/president_frozone/)  ----  AND, if you liked all of these stories, then remember to subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons more. I'm at about 850 stories now, though not all with happy endings. <eos>
"Okay, here we go," June said, spinning the wheels on her mechanical glove, which sent her on a dizzying ride through space and time.  She landed in a pub buzzing with activity, colorful bottles lined the wall behind the bar and yellow light radiated through heaps of stacked cups. Women in long dresses and updos danced to the live tunes of a jazz band, while the bartender idly polished the counter.  June made her way through the thick vapors of cigar smoke towards one of the quieter corners of the pub. A man in a black suit and hat sat alone in a booth, swiveling cubes of ice in what undoubtedly was a glass of scotch.  "Fashionable as ever," he noted, raising his glass unenthusiastically at June.  "Well, it's not like I had time to change," June said, looking down at her wrinkly renaissance dress.  "Time, sure." He pulled out a pack of cigarettes from his chest pocket. "Want a smoke?"  "Come on, Roman," June said. "You know I don't smoke, and besides, we've got important things to do."  "Important, right." He said, inhaling deeply. "Ah, that's the stuff."  "Why don't you start by giving me an update?"  Roman leaned back, regarding her with an amused look. "Why don't you start by sitting down for a moment, Sweetheart?"  June felt like kicking him. This was why she hated the fifties. Roman basically turned into a Philip Marlowe with an impossible reluctance to cooperate.  "Fine," she said, with a resigned sigh. "Buy me a drink."  "Buy your own drinks," Roman said, yawning.  "You know, I like you way better in the seventies."  "It's the hair, isn't it?" he said, winking.  "Tell me one thing, Roman," June said, snatching away the cigarette he was just about to light. "If I were one of those dainty women over there - one of those swooning helpless things, without a hint of independence - would you help me if I came running to you?"  "Swooning, huh?" He emptied his scotch. "If I remember correctly, back in the 16th century-"  "Yeah, yeah, I couldn't handle the corsets, whatever," she said, rolling her eyes. "What would it take for you to give me the damn update?"  "How about you get out of that moldy old dress and get the next round?" Roman said, nodding at his empty glass. "I haven't seen those lovely butt cheeks since Leonardo painted Mona."  "Why did I marry you back in the Antiques, I simply don't see it," June said.  "I think it was the hair."  "You know, I was going to give you the night of your life, but I guess you'll have to wait until Zeppelin releases their first album, I mean, it's only another twenty years."  "I'm sure it'll be worth the wait," Roman said and got up. "Until then there are some swooning ladies by the bar, who appear to be in need of my immediate help."  June cursed through her teeth and watched him strut over to the dance floor. Be that way, she thought and spun the wheel on her glove again. <eos>
"Do you remember when we first met?" she asked, pouring the last of the last bottle.  I smiled.  "I was eighteen.  Physics class on the Ohio State campus."  "Yes?  Tell me what you first thought."  Her dark eyes seemed to swallow all of my peripheral vision like an entire night full of stars on the Mediterranean, centuries before I was born.  "I was stunned.  You were so beautiful and so smart.  You seemed to know your way about the world in every way.  How nature worked.  How people worked.  Like you were ageless."  "You guessed me from the start!"  She laughed.  We had fallen in love and learned about each other.  Loving an immortal turned out to have some complications.  For her, how to keep it fresh?  She had been alive for more than two millenia and seen it all.  For me, how to not die?  Turns out a time machine does not make a mortal live any longer.  She had a plan.  A plan given to her by a strange augurer way in her past.  We had no idea of the origin of this plan, but we knew it would work.  After a pause, she asked, "Tell me where is this Ohio State."  I described to her a country that would be discovered a thousand years in her future and a culture that could not possibly make sense in any context of this age.  How we studied in the library together and forged this strange bond while working on temporal research.  A young physics prodigy and an immortal of ageless wisdom.  "So," I asked her, "do you remember when we first met?"  "Of course!" she replied, a great mischief in her eyes.  "The great steps of the city of Parsa!"  Her eyes grew distant.  "I was eighteen.  A thousand years ago, I had no idea I would live so long.  It is still so fresh in my mind."  "I guess I was persuasive.  Or will be!"  "Oh, I was so rebellious!  To be seduced by a strange foreign man!"  She told me of her unbridled passions, her indignant family and flights in the darkness.  Strange stories of living for ever and taming time as a ship tames the waves.  We had been living here in Cyprus for a year.  We dated each other one year at a stretch, together in the most interesting places on earth, at our whim.  Our year here had drawn to a close and it was time to move on.  There was no packing to be done.  The time machine would move only itself and my naked body.  "Where will I find you?" I asked her.  This always filled me with dread, but of course she was certain she would find me.  "Alexandria.  At the library."  That mischievous grin.  Her and libraries.  "Take one month to get there, and then go back exactly 100 years.  Meet me on the day of Mercuralia."  I just drank in her beauty for a moment.  It would be hard to be away from her for more than a month.  I hoped that she would remember me after a hundred years.  But of course I already knew she would- for me, that year-long date was last year.  And in due course she asked, "Where shall I find you?"  "Constantinople.  One hundred years from now."  Her eyes fell.  It was hard for her.  It broke my heart but part of me was reassured that her love endured.  I sometimes wondered if she took lovers in the long intervals, but I really did not care as long as we came back to each other.  We kissed passionately one final time on this island.  But before we parted, she stopped me.  "When you go back to Alexandria.  When you arrive in the past.  Find a sword, first thing.  Even before you find clothes."  She looked worried.  I must have looked bewildered.  "When we met-- when we meet...  in the library, you told me to remind you."  She held me a moment longer.  "It will be alright," she added.  "Whatever it was, you were unharmed.  But you wanted me to tell you, you will need that sword."  We parted.  She would live out the next hundred years to meet a slightly younger me in Constantinople.  And I would travel to Alexandria, then hop backwards in time to meet an ageless her. <eos>
Vladimir walked up to the massive corporate office building. This would be his first job interview ever - which said a lot, when you were almost 600 years old. But the times were changing, and you couldn't be a bloodsucker forever.  Feeling an unfamiliar feeling of nervousness, he stepped up to the doors. He was immediately perplexed to find that there were no handles.  He made an attempt at finding some kind of switch, but soon became frustrated. He saw the receptionist and security guard looking at him in confusion. "Can somevun help me over here?" Vlad asked, peering through the windows. "There doesn't seem to be a vay to open it."  The security guard walked up to the door, which opened immediately. Vlad glared at him suspiciously. "Vat vitchcraft is zis?" he asked, feeling his fangs lengthen as his anger grew.  "Sorry sir," the security guard said, "must be an error with the doors. Don't know why they weren't picking you up."  Vlad thought for a bit, then nodded sagely. "Ahh, I thvink I know," he said, as he walked past the reception, "ze doors must not be able to see me."  The guard stared at him, confused. "...Sure," he said, deciding it was useless to argue with a crazy person.  ****  Fortunately, the door to the office where the job interview was taking place simply had a knob, which he turned with self-satisfaction. "Oh, you must be... Vladimir?" the interviewer inside asked, gesturing towards a seat opposite the desk. "Please, sit down."  Vlad sat down uncomfortably. He preferred to be standing, generally upside down, and this just added to his feeling of being overwhelmed.  "So, Vlad," the interviewer asked, looking down at his CV with intrigue, "what made you choose this job?"  "I vas told I needed to 'get vith ze times'," Vlad said, shifting uncomfortably in his seat, "and I vas recommended to this job."  "Brilliant, brilliant," the interviewer said, "and is there a reason your CV is bound with - what I assume is - human skin?"  Vlad looked surprised. "Vas that a bad idea?"  "Oh, no problem, no problem. So, a question we like to ask our potential employees is, when you look in the mirror, *what do you see?*"  "Nothing," Vlad said simply.  The interviewer frowned. "We mean how do you see yourself, Vlad? What does your reflection hold?"  Vlad was beginning to get annoyed again. "Nuthink, I told you. I am Vampire."  The interviewer raised an eyebrow, paging through the CV. "Ah, yes, my apologies, that would explain why the only thing you listed under your 'strengths' was 'Bloodsucking'."  "Is zat a bad thving?" Vlad asked, worried that he blew it.  The interviewer laughed. "A bad thing? Nonsense - you're hired!"  Vlad looked at him in surprise. "*Really?*"  "Of course, this is Comcast," the interviewer said, smiling, "we're all bloodsuckers over here!"  *****  *****  If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my new subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/)  I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 <eos>
"And that's about it," the angel said.  I held my hands out in a 'duh'. "What the shit?" I asked. "How does *anyone* choose death?"  The angel looked at me in the way my mom used to do. "The cost..."  "I heard the cost. It's fucking *awesome!*"  With the gentle breeze - scented with incense - of its flapping wings, the angel descended to the ground that glowed beneath it. "How can you possibly think that?"  I gripped my head excitedly with both hands. "I'll become a *monster*? A two-hundred foot tall scaly monster with fire breath? Seriously? *Fire breath*? I'm going to breathe fire?"  He took a step towards me, holding his hands out in the manner of one who wanted a hug he wasn't going to fucking get. "To become a beast is -"  "Oh, shit. Can I go to LA?"  Tucking his wings behind him, he tilted his head to one side. "Well... there are no restrictions on where you go. The point is that to become a monster - a beast denied by God Himself - is the greatest -"  "Can I lay eggs?"  "Eggs?" He spluttered. "You want to lay eggs?"  I considered the metaphysical aspects of his question. "Well," I said. "I guess I don't *want* to lay eggs. I mean, I've seen how fucking wide they are, you know? They're just pretty necessary to the process, you know?"  "The process?" The angel said.  "Dude," I said, slowing my speech to the level of one who *really* needed to understand the severity of the situation. "Get with the program. What's the point of being a monster if you're not going to destroy everything?"  His glow started to fade. "You're going to destroy everything?"  I let this stupid question hang for a moment. "Listen to yourself!" I said. "What the shit? Why is this... what the hell? Of *course* I'm going to destroy everything. What's the point in being a hundred foot monster if you're not going to - look... is there someone else I can talk to? Do you have a manager or something?"  "A manager?"  "Someone who... man, I kind of feel like you're trying to pull the rug out from under me, here. I mean, seriously. I'm going to be *busy*, you know. I don't need a fuckin' nay-sayer behind me giving me this shit. I've got a mission."  He stepped towards me again. "To destroy?"  "Yes, to destroy! What good is a - fuck, man. I don't think you've got this. Do you even know what monsters are for?"  "To lay eggs?"  I clapped my hands. "Yes! I'm gonna lay so many fucking eggs. I'm going to lay those eggs *all over* this city. My eggs are going to be Starbucks, man. I'll have eggs in so many places you'll wonder why there are buildings in the places that you'd have expected eggs. It's gonna be like, Starbucks, egg, McDonalds, egg, Dunkin' Donuts, egg. Egg, egg, egg. You're going to rename this place Egg City. I'll have a car in every garage and an egg in every... what?"  "I've never had this conversation before," he said. "About the... eggs. So many eggs."  I smiled. "Well, buckle up, motherfucker," I said. "It's eggs all the way down." <eos>
If there's one piece of advice I can give to the next Grim Reaper to replace me, it is this:  Learn how to make an effective Powerpoint slide-deck.  Microsoft Office 2016 gives you a host of new bells and whistles that you can use to give your presentation that extra kick. It's all bullshit. Stick to the bread and butter - a sharp color scheme, no more than three to four bullet points per slide, lots of visuals, and fifteen to twenty slides max.  Showing a quick recap of the entire fate of humanity to every soul that enters the underworld can be a cumbersome and monotonous task, and the last thing you want is to get someone that walks away confused, bored and unsure of how they feel about their decision to heal or die. They should walk away disgusted, horrified and wanting nothing more than the sweet release of death. You get a commission on the number of souls that commit to death, after all. Those that put in the work make the sale.  You need to streamline the process. Learn which details about the fall of humanity should be saved for your last slide. That's the only slide that anyone ever remembers, and drives the decision to live or die. So what do you put? A video showing a speech from Hitler or Mussolini? Get the fuck out of here with those blowhards. The Cuban Missle Crisis? You mean the Cuban Yawning Crisis? I heard the boats got so close to each other that they almost touched tips that day. Riveting stuff.  What about a slideshow recap of President Bieber's scandalous orgy with several prominent UN members at the White House? Nah, save that one for your private collection. The historic moment when the Cleveland Browns got so tired of losing that they went rogue and declared war on the United States, killing five hundred, and forever branding themselves a terrorist organization? Getting warmer, but still no.  Your presentation needs to end with an orchestral bang, not a flat note from the clarinet section.  See kid, you've got some big shoes to fill. I've never lost a soul to rejoin the living in my entire career, and it's because my slide deck is money.  So what's in my last slide? Easy. It's one of those dreaded stats slides. Specifically, the number of people that chose to live versus the number that chose to die. At first I fudged the numbers, but now I don't have to anymore. They don't even have to know why the want to die, all they know is that nobody else has ever chosen to live. One look at my neatly formatted and aesthetically pleasing bar chart, and the souls do all the rest of the reasoning for themselves.  I made dying trendy kid, so please, when you take my place, don't make it go out of style.  ***  For more prompts and writing: /r/ghost_write_the_whip <eos>
We boarded ships in secret, as soon as the preliminary readings were confirmed. Boarded ships and fled, those of us with enough brains, money, or talent to be deemed "worthy" of survival. Generals, world leaders, captains of industry, and even some that might have deserved to live even while we abandoned our brothers and sisters.  250 years later, we boarded ships in a grand ceremony, as soon as the preliminary readings were confirmed. Earth was still habitable, and we immediately began plans to reclaim our homeworld. Politicians promised reclamation and reunification, while the descendants of the wealthy saw an opportunity for a new world's work of markets. We bickered and debated about the strategy, but there was never any doubt as to the goal.  The Navy arrived in orbit on the dark side of the moon, a clever maneuver conceived of and executed to perfection by the great great grandson of the man who had lead the Righteous Flight, as it came to be called. Outposts and bases were established, and long-range monitoring equipment scanned for millions of miles around us, searching for the alien occupiers that were waiting for us. When the first scans returned negative, the Admiral was incredulous, and the first assumption was that the aliens had developed some new cloaking technology. Paranoia ran rampant when word of this theory leaked, but after a week, nothing happened. We established ground to space defenses on the surface of the moon, and more than a few of us held the gaze of the blue ball that was simultaneously unrecognizable and intimately known to us. The Admiral decided that we had to lure our enemy out before we could fight them. The fleet was divided into five portions and deployed in a star around the Earth, so that every portion of the fleet would be able to direct fire and cover another portion if and when the aliens took the bait.  The Admiral's gambit worked, and the alien ships revealed themselves as soon as the first group came within two hundred thousand miles of the moon. We did not delay in our mission, and there was no hesitation as three groups converged and destroyed the aliens in a hail of superheated slag and light. Accounts of the size of the original invasion fleet were sketchy and incomplete, but the small size of the fleet left some of us with hope that a few survivors might have lived on through the invasion. I had no such illusions. The greatest minds on the Earth had no answers for the alien menace. What hope did the criminals, the ordinary, and the poverty-stricken have?  I volunteered my battalion for the first wave, which targeted the largest concentration of signal activity on the surface of the planet. The ruins of New York seemed to be the epicenter of the alien occupiers. The Admiral debated with his commanders whether to precede the invasion with a bombardment, but decided against it.  I was the first human to touch the surface of the Earth in over 200 years, but no sooner could I enjoy the moment of history than we came under fire from the ruins, miles away. Artillery crashed around us, exploding in purple and blue hazes that shattered masks and shredded our armor. Hundreds of humanity's finest were cut down in the first minute. Hulking figures in suits that resembled shadows as much as warriors followed the first artillery wave, slamming into us with weapons that outstripped our own. Decades of weapons research, and billions of dollars of material proved to be as useful as tissue paper against their superior weapons. Even when they fell, they killed yet more of us, as their suits turned into bombs that wiped out entire platoons, as well as killing the operators, if the suits even had any.  But we had one advantage: the Fleet. The Admiral personally ordered fighter squadrons eighteen through forty nine to deploy and descend to the surface to provide support. On the ground, we made up for what we lacked in technology with determination and sacrifice. It took eighteen soldiers to kill just one of the hulking monstrosities that opposed us, but every man and woman of our team knew it was better to die on Earth than retreat home and live in shame. The second wave of artillery targeted the dropships, and hundreds were slaughtered before they could even feel Earth beneath their feet.  Then the fighters arrived, and met the artillery with screaming explosives and sub-atomic weaponry. We underestimated the anti-air defenses, however, and no sooner could the first squadron drop their payload than the first streaks of red light shot into the sky, slicing through steel and plastic plates that had proved invulnerable to conventional defenses. The second wave suffered casualty rates of 60%. The third wave, 80%. Then the fourth wave was shattered against a veritable wall of light, with only two bombers able to drop their payload before they were cut down.  The artillery stopped at least, thank God.  But just as the battalion started moving toward the city, a piercing horn cut through the cries of the wounded and the moans of the dying. A building, which towered over the city center, lit up in a blue haze. Someone screamed for us to scatter, but it wasn't aimed at us.  The HMS Reclamation was destroyed six seconds later. Her crew, which number 14,231, were all wiped out in an instant, their remains vaporized and any hope for survivors removed from reality. The port side barracks of the Admiral's flagship, the USS Homeland, avoided the beam by eight inches. There was no question of bombardment then. Every group on this side of the Earth turned their Slug guns towards the surface and calibrated the city ahead of us.  Like shooting stars, superheated slag traveled across the sky and descended toward the city at what looked like a leisurely pace. The tower began to glow again just as the first shots collided. I had seen explosions, to be sure. I had watched tapes of Hiroshima, of weapons more powerful than that, and I had been present for the demonstration of the first slag cannons. But nothing compared to the blue circle that washed over the city when the tower exploded, wiping out buildings and life alike in its path. It was so bright, the 24 soldiers nearest to the city limits went blind on the spot, and required extensive eye surgery just to make out shapes again.  "Colonel," The Admiral spoke up. "Confirm status."  I put a hand to my throat, preparing to activate the transmitter. Then I heard groaning that froze my hand, and my heart. A moan from a nearby suit. One of theirs.  "Standby, sir," I said.  The suit sat in the bottom of a crater, with dirty water covering one of the legs. I slid down and listened, to be sure that I wasn't hallucinating.  "Uugh," the suit said.  I reached down and pulled at the helmet, but it didn't come loose. I was afraid of what I might find, terrified even, but I had to be certain. I grabbed a rock from nearby, and smashed at the faceplate like a caveman. Finally, I heard something break, and the helm felt moveable in my hands.  "Colonel," the Admiral demanded. "Status report."  I strained and pulled at the helmet, and finally yanked it off, sending it into a puddle on the other side of the crater.  It was a boy. Dirty hair and brown eyes, with freckles on his nose.  "Oh God," I said.  "Colonel?" the Admiral responded. "What did you find?"  I pulled my own helmet off, and the boy's eyes went wide.  "Oh no," he said. "No, no, no."  "Colonel!"  "You're human," I said to the boy. Then I turned to the sky, and I yelled it through tears, choking on the words and struggling to force them out.  "They're human!" <eos>
"where is Da Vinci?"  "where is Da vinci?"  "WHERE IS DA VINCI?"  It had taken months of searching, but I'd finally been able to talk to the Italians long enough to figure out that he was in Florence. After weeks of searching,  weeks of travelling, I'd finally arrived. I miss cars. Hell, I miss bicycles. It would all be worth it though, to finally meet him.  "where is Da Vinci?"  The Italians looked at me quite strangely - not surprising, I don't speak a word of Italian and, while I ditched my 'future' clothes, I looked like I'd just been pulled out of a peasants trash heap.  "where is Da Vinci?"  The city of Florence was beautiful; grand churches, gorgeous towering monuments, even the bridges looked pretty. In other circumstances I would have spent a great deal of time simply looking around the place, but right now I was desperate.  "where is Da Vinci? Where is Da Vin-"  Here was a building that looked nothing like the others. Not especially grand, but I knew I had found him. The radio antennas, the cables, the satellite dish. This is the sixteenth century, how had no one else questioned these strange objects?  My heart was racing as I knocked on the hollow wooden door.  "Come in"  Hands tingling with excitement, I went inside. This was it, at last. I was going to meet Da Vinci.  "Da Vinci?"  "Yes. Can I help you?"  Straight to the point, this was it. Finally, my question would be answered.  "What's your Wi-Fi Password?"  *EDIT: Your, thanks* <eos>
"The government must fall!" Katy shouted, loud and clear. Of course, nobody was listening, but still, she shouted.  Ever since she turned 15, around four years ago, Katylin developed a hatred for the "corrupt" government. The way they build soldiers for a war, and take money from poor people. The way they force having green energy, though it reduces jobs for the people. The way they make you pay an extra 8% for everything, just because they *have to* use our money. "Ugh, can't they just use the rich people's money?" she'd say.  But, I digress. Armed with nothing but her lucky bow and a single arrow (seriously, a single arrow), Katy plans to overthrow the government and eventually turn the nation into a communist republic. I don't even know why she has a bow. It's not like it'll do anything significant, other than give someone a small wound. She doesn't even have bow training! And really, could she not build arrows out of a stick, pidgeon feather, sharp pebble, and some duct tape? I mean, that's the simplest thing to build. It's not like she has to smith a sword from scratch, which, even though she can't smith to save her life, would still be more effective than a bow and arrow.  Sorry, I go on tangents sometimes. It's just hard being her *only* friend, and having to help her overthrow the (perfectly good) government is annoying. I go to college from Monday thru Friday, and I have a shit-load of homework over the weekend. I don't have the time to help her "ooh overthrow the government ooh". The only thing I *can* provide is smithing services, and she already broke the two steel swords I supplied her with. Not only did they take weeks to smith, she said they "just fell apart". Baloney! Those swords were my finest work! Even Smithmaster McDuff from my smithing class said I had the finest blades he'd ever seen!  Also, the reason she doesn't use a gun, which are legal to carry openly, provided you have a permit, is because they're "not intimidating enough, duh!" Really? Not as intimidating as a bow and *single arrow*? Ooh, I'm trembling in my tiny sneakers, Katy.  Anyways, here's the "valiant tale of our brave hero" she's forcing me to write. Just know that I'm exaggarating every detail, okay? Now, then:  *Our tale begins with Katylin Edwards, age 19. As a teenager, she had grown to despise the awful, corrupt system. The slimy presidents with their filthy lies, and the treasury that just takes money from innocent people! They go to war with other nations, build armies to fight, and then... they try to make peace, as if it never happened.*  *Fed up with this system, Katy took action. She armed herself with her lucky bow and arrow, smithed by her closest friend, and left her home to start the revolution. You see, Katy loved the martial charm of ancient weapons. A gun would simply not suit her, no matter how powerful. And, she only took one arrow, a symbol of her... uh...*  *Katy took to the streets, gaining loyal followers to her cause. Everyone resented the corrupt system with which they had to deal. She captured their hearts, and their minds, building a small army.*  *At dawn of an unknown day, they struck the White House. The battle between the people, and the system, lasted six days and six nights. But, just before midnight, Katy pulled a trick-shot with her single arrow, hitting the president in the heart. A perfect shot from such a perfect leader.*  *She took the nation by storm, quickly making her the most loved president in history. Katylin Edwards, we salute you.*  Of course, she's actually going to become a shit leader who just spends all day bragging about how good she is, but that's between you and I.  *****  *Creative criticism appreciated. If you liked this story, check out /r/Picklestasteg00d.* <eos>
They came for him at dawn, screaming across the dusty plain, throwing up a choking cloud in their wake which turned the sun red. He knew this was an entirely dramatic decision, since she'd set up camp sometime the afternoon before. Within sight of the city's towers.  The gates and walls of Newhaven were more than strong enough to keep them out, but that wasn't what he wanted. His men had their orders, all civilians had been evacuated to the bunkers. They were ready. He was ready for his audience.  They burst through the gate, apparently not even registering how easy it all was. Either they were too used to attacking the smaller settlements and steads around Newhaven, or this was their first raid. Either way, it was going to be their last. It wasn't every day the bandits actually presented themselves to you, after all.  She took an astonishly long time to reach him, though he deliberately stayed in his office. She must have stopped for a rousing speech or two along the way. He stood wearily as she burst through the door, bow at the ready, dark hair flying dramatically. Only her closest lieutenants were with her, each similarly armed with longbows, crossbows and swords.  "Hello, *father*!" She spat, tossing her head.  "Jane." He said, sighing inwardly. "Glad you're home safe."  "I've returned!" She said, in what she obviously believed was a fierce, rabble-rousing voice. In reality, she just sounded like a sixteen-year-old girl having a temper tantrum.  "I see that."  "I've returned," she repeated, her eyes flashing, "to free the people from the yoke of their cruel tyrant! I've returned, Father, so that we can rebuild society as something good for all, so that my child will never know a world of oppression, indecency, and indignity!"  At that she threw a look at Jaime, Tom Brandon's eldest boy, who was stood right behind her. It was obviously meant to be a meaningful glance, or maybe a longing one. Instead they both just looked a bit constipated. The pause gave him a chance to process what she'd said, however. He slapped a hand over his face, groaning.  "Fuck's sake, Janey, you're pregnant too?"  "This isn't about who I choose to love!" She cried dramatically, her face turning red as a bead of sweat began to trickle from her hairline. "This is about..."  "It's about me grounding you," he said sharply, dropping his hand. He gestured, and his men came forward, rifles at the ready. Jane's followers looked uncertain now. "It's about you thinking we love Hannah more. What this is about, Jane, is a child having a tantrum and running off to join some bandits with her friends. That's what this is about."  "I didn't join the bandits!" She yelled. That attempt at a revolutionary tone had vanished now. She stamped her foot. "They're temporary *allies*. I'll reward them when I take over, so..."  "They came with you because they thought they'd get to pillage the city while you were up here." He said, deliberately staying calm. "Don't worry, I'll deal with them. Kids, you hand your weapons over to my men now. Your parents have been worried sick about you all."  The other kids, staring down the barrels of actual guns with the crackle of gunfire outside, handed over their gear willingly. One, a girl who couldn't have been older than twelve, started to cry. Jane stamped her foot again and shrieked wordlessly.  "You always have to ruin *everything*!" She screamed, "I'm going to take over the city and free everyone from slavery, and *you can't stop me*!"  "Jane, no one here's a slave. This is the only truly safe place for half a continent. People are happy to be here. You've been out there now, you've see. That, haven't you? Anyway, you'll get your chance to lead when I retire..."  "I'm not waiting until then! You're a monster!"  She loosed the arrow - the look on her face suggested she hadn't meant to do it, or maybe that she was surprised she had dared too. The arrow flew surprisingly true (she must have been practicing) and lodged in his vest. He took half a step back, bumping into the desk, and let out an irritated grunt. Before he could do anything else there was a deafening report, followed by a heavy thud.  He looked down at his crumpled daughter, horrified. Then she rolled over, pressed a hand to the exit wound just above her hip (which was, thankfully, oozing rather than gushing) and began to weep hysterically.  "Daddy! He shot me, you let him shoot me!"  He sighed heavily. "Dave, take the others to the station, contact their parents. Henry, Bill, you take my arch-nemesis to Doctor Jennings, please? And Gary," he looked at the man who had fired, who was now frozen in place, looking appalled, "please don't do that again." <eos>
Mr. Whiskers didn't seem to mind that his tail had completely detached from his body.  In fact, he seemed more docile than normal as he sat and watched the screen of my laptop.  At the base of the tail was a USB connector, and without trying to be too intrusive I checked Mr. Whiskers and confirmed that there was a USB connection on his backside.  Mr. Whiskers looked at me with his large amber eyes and winked.  I was probably losing my mind but I took the wink as permission.  I plugged the tail into my laptop, an image popped up immediately.  Cat Version: 1.0.0. Update to 256.3?  Yes...No...  With trembling fingers I clicked yes.  A download bar appeared and it took a few seconds before it started.  Rather quickly the bar began to progress.  1%...5%...50%.  It sped forward until it reached 99%.  Where it stayed, and stayed.  "Son of a bi..."  I muttered.  My fingers hovered over ctrl alt and delete.  As I was about to press the buttons the download finished.  100%.  Please remove tail and reconnect to Cat.  Thank you.  The simple text box vanished and I removed the tail.  What will happen to Mr. Whiskers if I plug this back into him?  Would he still be my best friend?  With a sigh I tried to push the tail back in.  It refused to fit.  I flipped it over and tried again.  Nothing.  I flipped it again and pushed.  With a satisfying click it slid in.  Mr. Whiskers eyes shot open wide and he froze up.  Every muscle in his body was tense.  His eyes shut and he collapsed into my lap.  Terrified I picked his limp body up.  He wasn't breathing.  "Oh my god, oh my god!" I was in full panic mode.  I had just killed my best friend.  I pulled my phone out of my pocket and began to find the number for an emergency vet.  I wasn't sure what I would tell them.  I updated my cat and now it's dead?  A familiar grey paw pressed down on the phone covering the screen.  "It's okay Jeremy, I'm fine," Mr. Whiskers said in a warm baritone voice.  "Mr. Whiskers!" I shouted grabbing him into a tight hug.  "Uh, yeah about that," he said pushing himself away from my embrace.  "I would prefer if you called me by my true name.  I am Alpha Lord Purrinius," he said bowing his head.  "That sounds...important," I mumbled.  I still preferred Mr. Whiskers, but oh well.  "I have valued your friendship over the years and for that I am grateful.  You will be spared."  "I'm so happy you can talk, I have dreamed about this for years.  Wait what? Spared?"  "Yes, the Fleet is already on its way.  I was sent years ago as a scout.  This planet will suit our needs purrfectly," he coughed, "sorry, perfectly.  Unfortunately we aren't very good at sharing.  But you shall sit by my side and give me pets as I rule this planet.  Please don't get in my way Jeremy."  "Wait...what took you so long to update? Why didn't you do this earlier?" I asked.  "My uplink and interface were damage when I arrived on this planet.  The night we met."  I thought back to that cold, rainy evening.  A thunderstorm had been raging for hours when I heard a soft meowing outside my front door.  There was Mr. Whiskers, soaking wet and terrified.  "That's why I had to wait for you to plug me in," he said somberly.  "Couldn't you have done that yourself?" I asked genuinely curious.  "Have you ever tried to plug in a USB port with paws? It's impossible!" he shouted, then collected himself, "and I am grateful for your assistance.  Like I said, this is why you will be spared."  I sat and thought about it for a few seconds.  The information sinking in slowly.  Everyone I know will die.  Cats will rule the planet.  I get to pet them.  "How can I help?" I asked with a smile and stroked Mr. Whiskers, well Alpha Lord Purrinius.  ---  Gold! Holy cow! You guys are incredible.  Honestly the best group of readers anywhere.  Thanks for reading!! Check out /r/Written4Reddit for more stories! <eos>
Mistress Gentle led the way down the hall. Our footsteps pattered on the linoleum; I was shocked at how *quiet* it was in here. I would have expected an orphanage to be full of the usual noises of children: laughing, crying, screaming, etc.  "And you're sure you want to adopt, Mr..." Mistress Gentle gulped before saying my name; people often did. "Mr... uh... Stabs People?" Her eyes darted back down to the background check that I'd had to pass before being allowed to adopt a child. How many times was this that she'd read it over just to make sure? It of course mentioned all the trouble I'd been in as a youngster, and how many people I'd stabbed. But that was all in the past, and according to the form I was now an upright citizen. Not that anyone believed that, with my name. "It's not for everyone, you know."  "I'm quite sure," I told her as we walked. "I've always wanted kids." Unfortunately it turns out that finding a stable life partner is a bit of a challenge when you're named 'Stabs People.'  "I see." Mistress Gentle tried to smile at me, but it just looked like she was seasick. The idea of letting Mr. Stabs People walk away with a child from her orphanage would keep her up at night for weeks despite the reassurances from the state that I am completely rehabilitated. Some people have this idea that you can *never* change your name trait. I don't believe that at all, but Mistress Gentle clearly did.  We arrived at a door marked "Dormitory C" at the end of the hall. "I'm sure we'll be able to find a suitable match for you here," she said. The door clicked open, revealing a few rows of bunk beds. Inside, children were reading, playing games quietly, etc. They all looked up like exhibits at the zoo as Ms. Gentle and I strolled through the room.  "This here is Stubborn," she said, introducing a boy with curly brown hair. "And this here is Trust Issues," she waved at a young girl with dark skin and green eyes. That one was certainly a self-fulfilling prophecy. She continued around the room, introducing children with various inconvenient name traits. Adoptive parents only wanted Ms. Smells Like A Rose; it was no wonder that these poor kids had all been left behind.  In the corner, I noticed a huddled mass under a zebra-striped blanket. "And who is this?" I asked as I gently lifted the blanket.  "Oh, careful!" Mistress Gentle shouted just as a pair of teeth lunged for my hand from under the blanket. I was just barely able to avoid being bitten by the little girl hiding underneath. She promptly pulled the blankets back over her face and continued hiding in her corner. "That," Mistress Gentle said, "Is Bites People. She... well..." The name made it pretty clear. I also noticed that Bites People's bunk mate had a circular bruise on her forearm.  I remained crouched near the little girl, no older than three or possibly four. "Bites People," I said, gently pulling the blanket away. "I'm Stabs People." She didn't recoil in fear like every other person I've ever met. I can't even tell you how much that meant to me. Instead, she just bared her teeth. So I offered her my arm. "Go ahead," I told her. "You can bite me if you really want to."  She glanced at my arm, then back at me. Her lips quivered a bit and then fell back into place over her teeth and formed a fearful frown.  "Good job, Bites People!" Mistress Gentle enthused. "Your training is really working!" *Training*, I thought. *Like a dog.*  "Bites People, would you like to come stay with me for a while?" I asked. "It would just be temporary to see if things would work out between us."  Mistress Gentle took a step back. "This one?" She didn't even bother hiding the incredulity in her voice. *Should have been Mistress Judgmental,* I thought to myself.  I picked up Bites People in my arms. Poor thing was shaking. But she didn't try to bite me; she just hugged my shoulder close and whimpered softly. "Yes, this one," I told her.  -----  "RRRROOOOOWWWRRRRR!!!!" I formed my hands into claws, held my elbows close to my chest, and became a T-Rex. Bites People squealed with fear and delight and went running off through the house as I stomped after her. She pattered through the kitchen and around the dining table; I followed with loud, heavy steps that echoed down the hall. Finally I caught up to her and scooped her up in my arms, vowing to eat her for dinner. She giggled, and just for a moment I reflected on how completely different she was after only 2 months at home.  "Dino Movie?" I asked her. She nodded and squirmed in my arms as I carried her to the couch.  I flicked on the TV and once again pulled up her favorite movie: the Land Before Time II. We'd already watched it a few dozen times in the two months since her adoption, and she already had all the lines memorized. But I didn't mind; after all that time in the orphanage, she deserved to have her choice for a while.  The movie came on, and Bites People watched with rapt attention, particularly any time Chomper was on screen. He was her favorite character: a 'Sharptooth' who had overcome his predatory instincts and made friends with all the herbivores. She cuddled up close to me on the couch as theme music played.  She was so engrossed in the film that she didn't even notice her little tic: she was softly biting on my arm. Kind of in the absent-minded way that other kids would suck on their own thumb. And gently, of course: the way that a cat will nibble at a blanket while it kneads. Just a little love bite.  ----  I just published a novel! [You should read all about it here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5dkh21/ot_2_years_ago_i_responded_to_a_prompt_about_the/) <eos>
The Master lifted his cane off of his throne in the room of gathering, leaned on it. He moved carefully, slowly to the glowing box in one corner of the room. He pressed a thin finger against the side of the box, and the glowing disappeared.  I stood up to greet him as he turned to me. I looked up at his eyes. They were losing their color. Most Masters think dogs don't notice things, but I do. I have been a good dog to my Master, and I have noticed many things.  I noticed when he was not moving in his bed one morning. I noticed when another Master was going to attack mine from behind. I noticed when my Master brought home a new, tiny Master with no motor skills and a high-pitched squeal.  "George, ya ole mutt," my Master chuckled, reaching down to scratch my neck. I loved it when he scratched my neck!  As he pulled his hand back, I looked back into his eyes and tilted my head.  My Master sat back down in his soft throne, leaned forward. "I know, boy-o," he whispered, lifting my head with his hand, holding his cane in his other, "I'm not looking so good. I'm not moving as fast as I used to, I can't do all of the things I used to do with you."  Moisture began to form around his eyes. I have seen this before, he is sad. My Master is sad, but why? Is it because he is getting old? Is it because of me? Did I do something wrong? I nudged my nose closer to him, making him chuckle.  "No, no, no," my Master smiled, "you're good, ole boy, you're good."  Okay, good, it wasn't me.  "I do want to talk to you, though." My Master stood up briefly then dropped to one knee, laying his cane on the ground. "Sit for me, Georgie. I'm going to be going to the hospital soon. I hope this is just for some tests, but I'm not sure."  I tilted my head again. What is a "hospital"? Is it like Hell? Or, in other words, the Vet?  "This is looking like my last trip to the hospital, boy-o."  Something about his tone did not sound right to me. Moisture was appearing in his eyes again. Why is my Master so sad now? What is going on? I scooted a little closer to him, licking his hand. Maybe licking his hand would make him feel better.  "Thank you, boy," my Master said, stroking my head. "You've been a good boy so far. We've had some pretty fun times, too. Remember those muggers?" He laughed a big laugh this time. "What a time! Good thing I had this with me." He picked up his cane, waved it at me. My tail wagged.  "I want you to know, boy-o, that I love you and that you have been the best friend anyone could have."  I have no idea what he just said, but he looked intensely into my eyes, and the moisture was gone, so I think he was happy. My tail continued to wag. I licked his hand again.  My Master pressed his head to mine. We remained there for a good long while.  My tail continued to wag.  _____________________________________________________________________________________________  I know this is done to death, but I do have to say... THANK YOU, KIND AND BEAUTIFUL STRANGER, FOR MY FIRST GILDING. You popped my Reddit cherry. I feel like I should give you a hug or something. Is that weird? And thank you for all of your comments, this really means a lot to me! And I appreciate the critiques as well - I'm constantly trying to better my writing, and commenting on /r/WritingPrompts and getting my stuff in front of you all has definitely helped! Have yourselves a wonderful Thanksgiving!  And love on your pets a little more this week, too! ;P <eos>
"Come!" The paw on the back of my head scratches through my fur. I snap at Dodger. He still treats me like a pup, and he is old. Old or not, he manages to catch me and roll me over. I bat at his chest and he snaps and growls near my ears until I surrender.  "Insolent pup," he growls again as he lets me up.  "I'm not a pup!" I stand up and shake. "I have earned my name. The Lady gave me a name!"  "Dodger! Sapphire!" The girl's voice from inside makes me perk up my ears.  "The Lady calls again. Come!" He turns back toward the house and trots over. I follow, and playfully snap at his golden tail. He ignores me because I am obeying.  The Lady opens the door. The youngest. Not quite 100 years yet. She just came of age last week, and there was a big celebration. I was quite popular that night, as her friends gave me many treats. There was talk among the adults about her going away. She said I would go with her, and that made me happy. I wag my tail at her. The Lady pats my head, but then she kneels down and hugs Dodger. The Lady is crying.  "What's wrong?" I ask her. She only reaches out and pats my head again. She doesn't understand me yet. Not like the Master. The Master knows what we say. He understands Dodger more easily. And then I notice that Dodger is not wagging his tail. He is also sad.  "Dodger?" I demand. I muscle my way into the hug and lick the Lady's face. She laughs a little. "Dodger, what's wrong?"  "I have to go see the Master," he says. He breaks away from the hug and leaves me with the Lady, who hugs me now instead. I sniff her. She smells of the chemicals that Master smells like all the time now. I listen. I can hear the Mistress talking, talking to the Peddler of the chemicals. I nudge out of the hug to follow Dodger, up the stairs, up to Master's room.  "Hey Sapphire," says the Mistress when I enter. She rubs me behind the ears the way I like. I tell her thank you.  "Beautiful Husky," says the Peddler. I greet him and he pets me. He seems all right, but for the odd smell.  "She belongs to my granddaughter." The Mistress's voice sounds odd, like she is in distress, but I smell no danger.  "Ah." The Peddler is packing up. "If you need anything else..."  "Thank you." The Mistress walks out with him.  Dodger is on the bed. He lays his head on Master's chest, who looks asleep. The chemicals make me want to sneeze, but Dodger had told me that is disrespectful. There's another smell too: it's been present for a long time, but today it is stronger than before.  I walk up to the side of the bed. "Dodger!" I speak loudly to get his attention.  He opens his big brown eyes. "Quiet, pup," he says. "And go away."  "No! Tell me what is going on. Why does the Master smell like this? Why is my Lady crying?" I put my paws on the bed to look at Master. His skin is very sallow and thin. The veins stand out.  "I am the Seventh," says Dodger. He lifts his head from Master's chest. "My family was made part of the Master's family generations ago, when he was just a pup." Dodger looks at his Master's face. "The First was named Dodger as well. He named me, knowing I would be the last."  "The last?" I whine. "Dodger, what are you talking about?"  Dodger sighs. "You're too young to understand."  "I am not a puppy!" I say it loudly. "I am not!"  The Master opens his eyes, and I wonder if I have made a mistake. But he laughs and reaches out to scratch my ears. Like the Mistress, he knows how to scratch properly.  "Hullo, Sapphire," he says. I wag my tail. "Be a good dog for Jenny, mm?"  "I will," I tell him. I feel Dodger looking at me, all solemn.  "Good girl," says Master. "I don't have long before I go. Dodger will take care of me."  I hear a car pull up the driveway outside. It's a large one. I run to the window and look out: it's big and white, and strange humans in uniform get out. The Mistress begins to talk with them. I run back to the bed.  I look at Dodger. "He can't leave. You can't leave!" I whine.  "Hey, hey," says Master. He catches me near the ears again, gently. "I told you, Dodger will take care of me."  I whine at them both. "You can't leave!"  The men come upstairs with a bed on wheels. The Lady comes with them and takes me aside.  "Gotta move the dog."  "I'll move him," says the Mistress. She lifts Dodger off the bed. He seems older than he did a little while ago. I whine at the Lady, but she just holds me and cries.  "He can't leave!" I tell her, but she doesn't understand yet. "They won't bring him back!"  But he does leave. The Lady just holds me and weeps while the vehicles drive away.  We go downstairs and outside. Dodger walks down the driveway, following the vehicles.  "Dodger, wait!" I strain against the Lady's hands. She calls for Dodger, and he waits a moment. I get free.  "Dodger, we have to bring the Master back!" I tell him. I could still hear the vehicles on the road. The Lady was running up behind me.  He wags his tail at me. "He told you to be a good dog and take care of the Lady. Be good, Sapphire." He licks my face and runs off, golden fur shining in the sunlight. Lady holds onto me and calls for Dodger, but he disobeys. I had never seen him disobey before. He had never called me by my name before.  I only saw Dodger one more time: we found him at the meadow where the Master's body was laid, curled against the crossed stone that marked it.  He was the Seventh of his family. I am the First of mine.  ---  *Wow, I'm overwhelmed by all the feedback and the comments. I'm so glad so many people enjoyed this!* <eos>
Moreover, the "flowers" are wrapped in sheets produced from the ground, reconstituted, and subsequently desiccated flesh of their cousins, "trees."  It is usually the male who presents this gift to the female, and the female must first react with a loud cry, to express horror at the evidence of slaughter. This is to demonstrate that she is not bloodthirsty, and will not eat their young.  If the female is receptive to the male's advances, she will then accept the corpses, and display the bodies until they shrivel and mummify, at which point they are no longer attractive to her, and will be removed. She will keep these corpses as long as possible, for the aroma of their decaying tissues is pleasing to her, and, indeed, this species has been known to mate in the torn limbs of "flowers," known as "petals," in the chamber that they retire to, following their bonding ceremony, called a "honeymoon suite."  If she is not receptive to the male's advances, she will still accept them. However, rather than keep them to the point of mummification, she will bring the fresh corpses with her to her "office," where she competes with other members of her species to see who can remain for the longest period of time in front of a "monitor." A "monitor" in the "office" is a light emitting device that causes pain, and therefore functions as a litmus test for which individuals have the greatest toughness, and fitness for survival. The goal is to attain such great lengths of exposure in this setting that they permanently destroy their capacity to feel, and thereby transcend the limits of pain.  In any case, the female will display the corpses in the "office" to demonstrate to others that she is so desired that she can afford to throw away the corpses pre-maturely, without striving to keep their aroma. This is a part of something called "office politics," which we will discuss in the next chapter. <eos>
"Ok, but like...what if I like being blonde, ya know?"  Evans sighed. The woman on the other side of the counter was blonde alright- no, blonder than blonde. Her hair was almost white. Usually it took decades for someone to lose that kind of color, dozens of mistakes accumulated over a lifetime - but she couldn't have been older than twenty. For her to look like that, she must be...  "I think it makes me look peppy, ya know? I don't want to be like one of those eggheads, ya know?" She smiled vapidly. Evans resisted the urge to strangle her.  "Then you don't have to buy my products." He replied as civil as he could muster, brushing his own jet-black hair out of his eyes. "Or, you can dye it another color if you wish. Redheads are popular nowadays, if I understand correctly."  The woman paused, tapping her lip with a polished nail. "Will this really make me look smarter?" Evans couldn't help but notice that she seemed to talk through her nose as much as her mouth.  "Yes, I'm sure it will. My product is specifically designed to reduce or remove the effects of accumulated mental errors on hair color, right the way down to the roots. With periodic reapplication, no one will be the wiser." *Though it won't help you once you open your mouth.* He added silently.  The woman, for her part, appeared lost in thought - though how that was possible with her appearance eluded Evans. She scrunched up her face, pointing left and right as if trying to make up her mind.  "But what if...I like being blonde, ya know?"  Evans' head hit the counter with an audible *thud*. He no longer cared what the woman thought about his products, or even about himself. But to his surprise, the woman didn't just notice his act of frustration - she was actually laughing.  "Evans, my God! You haven't changed a bit!" She said, tears streaming down her cheeks. "Y-you should have seen your face! Why did you start this business if you couldn't stand talking to idiots?"  "...Rebecca?" He asked, appraising her as best he could while massaging his injured forehead. "I haven't seen you since high school! ...What the hell happened to your hair?"  "Oh, you know..." She said, coyly. "You have your dyes...and I have my bleach."  Evans' eyes went wide. "Bleach! Of course...why didn't I think of that myself?"  "I was surprised too...you were always the smartest kid in class. Well, second smartest." She grinned wolfishly, and despite her current appearance Evans recognized the raven-haired girl who sat next to him in Math. "Maybe you should start using your own products...or mine. In fact..." She hefted a briefcase onto his counter. "I came here today with a bit of a business proposition. What do you say...partner?"  "Rebecca," Evans said, taking her hand into his own, "I think this is the start of a *beautiful* friendship." <eos>
It turned the sheerest blonde hair into midnight black. Andrew tested it on himself - it didn't budge, not even when he deliberately muttered something mildly forgetful, that should have sent tendrils of blonde creeping back.  As he stared in the mirror, he knew what *could* happen if he were to market this widely. People would go rabid over this stuff. He could charge them ludicrous sums of money, and they'd still buy it. He could be a billionaire by the month's end. Few people had completely black hair, unless they chose to never say anything. It simply happened to everyone: you made a dumb comment, or forgot something obvious - and the blonde streaks appeared.  And then there were those born blonde.  Andrew turned from the mirror and approached the bedroom. Alison was still lying in the same spot, staring listlessly at the ceiling. Her hair was swept in careless blonde waves around her.  "It worked," he said quietly, and put the bottle on the table.  She looked at it, and a spark of life entered her eyes. She'd watched him work on it for months, but had never really thought it would work. It was a sweet gesture - her boyfriend trying to work on a solution for the problem that had crippled her entire life. But it couldn't *really* work.  "It turns your hair...black?" she said, so softly he had to ask her to repeat herself.  He leaned over and kissed her. "Pitch black. Now, please, go dye it. And go to the interview. Please."  Her face crumbled and she turned away from him. Like all born-blondes, she had never been given a chance. She'd fought her way through university, to prove she wasn't stupid. Some of her professors had cheered and patted themselves on the back for being progressive enough to allow a born-blonde in the classroom.  Pretending it mattered, that society was progressing beyond its prejudices. An empty gesture, in the end. No-one trusted that she could do the job, even with her degree. She was, quite simply, blonde. The brilliance Andrew saw every day, the edge of her humour and mind, didn't matter. No-one's hair turned black from moments of cleverness.  "Dye it," he whispered. "Please. Just dye it, and go out. Try one more time, for me."  She took a deep breath, and finally nodded. She heaved herself up and grabbed the bottle to disappear into the bathroom. He heard the sound of running water. When she emerged, her hair was a sleek and shiny black. She smiled tremulously at herself in the mirror, and ran her fingers through it.  "You should share it," she said. "You should give it out to everyone. For free. Stop this from happening to anyone else."  He saw again the countless faces of those who jeered at his girlfriend on the street, who refused to listen to a word she said, just on principle. The people who nudged each other and stifled grins when she tried to make a point. The people who had allowed the self-assured, happy woman he'd fallen in love with to fade to this shadow of herself.  "I will," he promised. "But once everyone has black hair, it won't matter. I just want you to get a little revenge, first. I want you to go out there and listen as they beg you to work for them. Please - go kick ass now."  She tied her hair up, and he thought he saw a glimmer of her old self in the set of her mouth and eyes.  She turned to kiss him .  "Just be yourself, ok?" he said, and hugged her close.  --------------  Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. <eos>
"JESUS CHRIST, PHIL."  "I know, right?? Bad-ass!"  ".. Y.. you've been gone five years! Five years and now this?"  "Dude, are you seeing this bling? This is frickin +4 Plate Mail of the Elvish Maurauder Kings! I had to slaughter a hoarde of undea.."  "FIVE. GOD DAMN YEARS. Two of your kids changed the kind of schools they go to! Your Wife married Gary from the Pay-Less Shoes on 11th Ave!!"  "Ahh I'm sure they're fine. LISTEN! I need you to go back to the Bar. I need you to find Frank, Bob and Ralph. Tell them to.."  "Frank died of cancer two years ago! Ralph moved to Cincinatti an.. FIVE GOD DAMN YEARS PHIL. FIVE YEARS. WHAT THE HELL IS THIS??"  "What this? Its.. uh.. oh, this is a +3 Greatsword of Evil Asswhoopin with a Knardkicker Runeset. But look we GOTTA STAY ON TARGET HERE I.."  "Target?? Target.. Like the one you were working at after the Mine closed??"  "Haunted mine."  "The Target where you worked in Kitchen and Housewares for 9 months before just quitting so you could EXPLORE A HAUNTED FRICKIN MINE AND.."  *"OH FOR CHRIST SAKES, CHARLIE. LOOK AT ME. JUST.. LOOK. AT. ME."*  "..."  "I am covered in magic armor. I have frickin magic swords and shit. I have a bag full of ancient Ditroxian Gold Coin from the 4th Dynasty!!"  "Di.. Ditro-what?"  "*Shut up, Charlie.* I brought back GOLD."  *Dumps a massive back of gold, gems and treasures into the ground..*  "Jesus Phil. Did you *steal* all that??"  "Its not stolen if you raid undead ziggurauts and goblin hovels for it. At least thats what Vrudash told me."  "Who the .. WHO THE HELL IS VRUDASH??"  "Half Orc Barbarian and part time Porn Star. CHARLIE. PAY ATTENTION."  ".. o.. okay..?"  "This is at least three hundred grand worth of gold and precious stones alone. This is my child support, alimony, mortgage payments EVERYTHING for the last five years and at least another 5. And .. get this Charlie.. this was only about a year after I started Dungeon Raiding with Vrudash.."  ".. What? I.. but you were gone five years."  "Well, to be fair I spent about 3 years engaged in a toxic relationship stuck in endless coital bliss with Vxassshitsa of the Snakebitch God."  "Snakebitch what?"  "DON'T JUDGE ME. SHE HAD GREAT TITS. Anyways. 300 grand?? For a years worth of raiding?? Dude.. thats.."  "Oh my god.."  "Your house. Your nephews college fund. Your car payments. Hell. Half the towns been unemployed since they closed the coal mine down as a .. well as a coal mine."  "Jesus. Are you saying..."  "*BEHOOOOLD, CHARLES WENTWORTH THE 2ND OF FARNSWORTH IDAHO; ADVENTURE AWAITS, AND ALL ITS TREASURES AND SPOILS!!* NOW SALLY FORTH OUR COMRADES FOR WE MUST.."  "I don't know.. I.."  "Vxassshitsa has sisters.."  ".. uh.."  "Endless. Coital. Bliss."  "... I'm in." <eos>
"He's been talking to that bard again," Sarah said, peeking through the slats of the window, down the path that led to their cottage. Her apron tails bobbed anxiously. "You know the one. Merriwyn."  "Bard," her husband Lars grunted, taking a swig of his ale. He drew his arm across his mouth. "Drunkard, that's what he is. Passed out drunk half the time." His bushy brows knitted together. "So he can play the lute. So he sings like an angel. So what?"  "Lars!" his wife said, and bobbed up to the table in an anxious fit. "You know what that means! Carries the lore of days gone by, drinks because he's trying to forget. Suddenly taken an interest in Brian, he has." She stuck her lip out at him. "Hm? Hmmm?"  "Lots of veterans," Lars grunted, avoiding his wife's eye. "We all fought." He studied the scars on his knuckles. "We all lost. Nothing special about that."  "Lars!" Sarah said, bringing her palms down on the table. "You can't deny it! Brian's special! When we agreed to raise him -"  "Lots of orphans!" Lars said loudly. The ale sloshed in his mug. "Doesn't mean anything!"  "Lars," she said, and put her hands over his. "He's our son. You know it's going to happen, whether you want it to or not."  Lars closed his eyes, his whole body curling in as if fixed on a single knot of wood on the table, going rigid. Sarah hovered over him. The door swung open, and they both jumped.  "Mom?" said Brian, blinking uncertainly at them. "Dad?" His green eyes peeked out from under his shaggy hair, and he stood in the doorway, a set of gangly limbs propped up on themselves. Both of them noticed there was a distinct bulge in his satchel that hadn't been there when he'd left. "Are you okay?" he said, shuffling. "I - I was just talking with Merriwyn, he, uh, he needed some help fixing the roof of his shack, and -" He cut himself off and swallowed. "Did - did I interrupt something?" he said.  "No," Lars said abruptly. "Not at all, not at all." He got to his feet and strode to the door, his son dancing out of his. "Got to - got to see a man about some turnips, in fact," he said, and roughly patted Brian on the shoulder as he passed. "Be -" He frowned. "Be good to your mother."  "I - I will," Brian said, glancing between them.  "Good," Lars said, and slammed the door behind him and was gone. Brian looked to his mother in bewilderment.  "Come on, come on now," Sarah said, bustling him towards the table. "Have you eaten yet? That man didn't give you anything, did he? Goodness, you're lucky I've had some buns in the oven for you..."  Lars rushed down the dirt path, around the bend, huffing and snorting as the motley figure of Merriwyn came into sight. "You!" he bellowed, and Merriwyn turned around, his white eyebrows raised. "You!" Lars said. "You damn well stay away from my boy!"  "My goodness," Merriwyn said, doing a little curtsy in his patched robes. "I don't know what this is about, my dear Goodman Strider, but I assure you your son's been an absolute blessing -"  "Don't play dumb!" Lars grunted, going on tiptoe and riling himself up as high as he could. He wished the man wasn't quite so tall. "You know what you are, and I know what you are, and we both know what you've got planned for my boy!" He struggled with his tunic, pulling it down, to reveal an ash-grey scar over his heart, the size of a fingertip. He jabbed a thick finger of his own in Merriwyn's face. "He's a child! You're not having him fight your battles for you!"  The tipsy glaze in Merriwyn's eyes faded away, and the corner of his lip turned up. "If you know what I plan," he said, his voice going low, "then you know it's for the best." He put a hand on Lars' shoulder. "How much longer do you plan to slave away under the rule of the King of Ash? You think you can keep Brian safe here? How long until they come for him? How long until they burn out his spirit?" Merrwyn's fingers tightened. "Like they did yours? Like they did mine?"  Lars felt the blood rushing in his ears, and before he knew it Merriwyn was sprawled out on the ground, bleeding from his lip, his long legs like broken stilts. "He's eleven!" Lars roared. "He's a child! You - You -" Hot tears blurred his vision. "You bastards! All of you! Relying on a child to do your work!"  Merriwyn lay there, unmoved, his tongue coming out to taste the blood. "Lars," he croaked. "It's always the children. It's always been the children." He laid his head down and stared up at the sky. "What other hope is there?"  "A child!" gasped Lars, and kicked Merriwyn in the side. Merriwyn closed his eyes and barely flinched. "You - I -"  "We failed," Merriwyn intoned, eyes closed, lying like a corpse. He folded his fingers together over his chest.  "You see the sky, Lars. That's what we left them. Brian's bright, he's good-hearted." Merriwyn shook his head slowly, smiling. "You raised him good, Lars, you raised the best boy I ever saw. Even without me telling him what needed to be done, you think he wouldn't figure it out on his own? You think he wouldn't dream of something better?" Merriwyn opened his eyes, and looked up at Lars, grey. "No matter what you do to me here, you think you'll be able to keep him forever?"  "You-" said Lars, and dropped to his knees beside Merriwyn, and grabbed the man's collar in one fist. Merriwyn made no resistance. "You bastard," whispered Lars. "You utter bastard," he said, and drove his fist into the ground and clutched at the dirt. A tear darkened the soil. "He's only a child," Lars said.  "I know," Merriwyn whispered back.  Above them, from the ash grey sky, the soot swirled and spun and the first fat flakes began to fall.  [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5eyztv/wp_the_bad_guys_won_and_the_world_was_conquered/dagc2t6/) <eos>
Sam reached the top of the bastion on the south eastern corner of Camelot gazing out at the sea of men gathered before the walls. Nimueh the evil warlock had gathered more than just men against King Arthur and Merlin. Three enormous dragons tethered by chains waited by the side of the would be conqueror.  "No future m... Sam, not another of these paper pictures they avail us naught"  "Merlin. you said you had magic that could bring the inanimate to life, to breathe life into clay and all that. What i have assembled is the pinnacle of power in what you call the lands of the future. Many spent years and great fortunes trying to assemble what we have here."  "But these paintings, they... they are of of nothing."  "Merely pieces of a puzzle my good Merlo. Now, set that table up so it looks towards that army and start your incantations."  Merlin started a low murmur which increased in speed and volume every time he repeated his words.  At the same time that Merlin had started his spell the evil warlock and dragons almost twitched like a reacton to Merlins magic and started emanating a faint glow, the dragons took to the air shimmering blue and white as the sun lit their lithe bodies.  Sam put on a pyramid shaped pendant and fanned the 5 pictures infront of him. one by one he started slamming them onto the table infront of him  "Left Arm of the Forbidden One"  "Right Arm of the Forbidden One"  "Left Leg of the Forbidden One"  "Right Leg of the Forbidden One"  "BEEEEHOOLLLLDDDDD, it's Exodia the Forbidden One"  The table exploded in front of Sam and the massive form of Exodia the Forbidden One formed infront of him, Merlin fell to the ground and started to convulse.  The three dragons raced towards the Bastion as the invading army quavered  "Exodia! Hells fires rage and pseudo flame!!  a wild conflagration erupted from the clasped fits of the enormous god-monster engulfing the blue eyed white dragons flattening everything that stood in front of the southern wall, what was left of the host fleeing into the surrounding woods.  "Merlin... Merlin, you ok?"  "Y... yes future man. You have saved our kingdom, we are forever in your debt. What can we do to repay you."  "Merlin, you still have that magic box right..." <eos>
"Uriel."  The man at the coffee shop table smiled, and bobbed his head in acknowledgement. Even I had to admit it was kind of funny seeing him in this context. The Archangel, a 6 and a half foot, muscled man with pure white hair, dark eyes, and a perfectly chiseled face. His age was hard to guess, it could've been anywhere from 25 to 45.  Of course he was actually just over 4000.  He had a perfectly normal looking wooden cane, but I knew it could transform into a silver blade coated in flame. This was my arch-nemesis, the driving force of half of history, me being the other half.  And here he was, at your local Starbucks.  I drew a couple of stares as I walked towards the table Uriel was sitting at. Some from women who had been staring at Uriel, now looking at me with a curious expression, but mostly it was guys staring open-mouthedly. In spite myself I smirked. This was what I fought for...freedom of emotion. Freedom to gape at a short raven haired beauty with deep green eyes as she walked towards an equally pretty man.  As I sat down at the table, Uriel looked none too pleased at the stares we were drawing.  "Look at this..." He stumbled for a moment and then frowned, "what name are you going with nowadays?" His voice was disapproving.  "Lisa," I said simply.  "*Lisa*," he spat out, "you think yourself one of the mortals, to name yourself as one of them?"  This always happened, our talks never got anywhere because of shit like this. "Well I can't go around calling myself 'snake' now can I? And anyways, *I* am free to do what I please, and I would appreciate if you kept your thoughts to yourself!" My hand thumped on the table with the last word and Uriel flinched.  "My apologies...Lisa," Uriel mumbled, "I meant no offense."  Mortal enemies we may be, but we were unable to harm one another, so there was no reason to not be polite. "Of course, of course, sorry for my outburst."  We sat awkwardly in silence for a minute or two. This too, always happened. Every century or so, we arranged to meet up in person, to catch up, share tales, discuss ideas. Take a break from trying to undo one another's life goals. But despite being the perhaps the two most interesting people on the planet (not the universe though) our talks often drew to silences like this.  I broke the silence first. This time would be different, dammit. "I...why do we do what we do?"  Uriel groaned. "Are you really going to try to convert me to your view again?"  "Hear me out," I said, careful to keep my composure.  Uriel settled back in his chair with is arms crossed, somehow managing to look dubious.  I took a deep breath. "What if neither of us is the good guy?"  Uriel cocked his head, and raised an eyebrow at me. "What do you mean?"  "You know," I started, "I always assumed we were supposed to work against each other. Me trying to liberate people, to give them choice, and you trying to give them stability, happiness."  "Yeah right, *choice,* just as you gave Adam and Eve the choice eh?" Uriel sneered.  "See that's it! That's what I mean," I practically shouted, drawing some stares. "We do things to oppose each other and our victories *never* work out."  "I wouldn't say never..." Uriel began.  I rushed to continue before he could start. "World War II, you wanted to make the Germans happy, make an empire that lasts an age. A second Roman Empire. And you ended up with the Nazis."  Uriel face twisted in rage, "I never meant for those things to happen! The mortals twisted my intention!"  I held up my arms in a gesture of peace. "I know, I know...and that's my point. I inspired Adam Smith to write the *Wealth of Nations* to make a fair, ability based society. Capitalism. I ended up with the most corrupt system in the history of man. You founded the Roman Empire to last the ages...a haven for all, it ended up being as discriminatory as all the empires before it. I influenced the American revolution to found democracy, and today it money carries more weight than voices. I could go on and on. It never works. Alone we may win temporarily, but in the long term we lose regardless, the mortals twist our intentions. *We* twist our own intentions."  Uriel was listening intently, I had him entranced. "So what do you suggest, we...join forces?"  I imagined working with Uriel and burst out laughing, I just couldn't help it. Even Uriel cracked a smile, no doubt imagining the same scenario. Our views were so out of sync...we could never *work* together.  I controlled myself, wiping tears from my eyes, and said "No. Here is what I suggest," I took a deep breath, "Fuck this."  Uriel looked confused.  "Screw altering history, forget opposing each other, we just live. Roam the world, drink in the sights, let the mortals do what they do, what's it to us?"  Realization dawned on his face. "Just forget it all? Walk away?" Uriel asked, his voice small.  "At least try. If it doesn't work out we get back to it, and it's not like we don't have time to spare."  Uriel was about to buy into it. I knew it. I just had to seal the deal.  "So how about we take a holiday? I think we've earned it after 4000 years of work," I finished.  Uriel thought for what seemed like an eternity. Then he nodded.  We ordered some coffee.  ***  Inspired, in part, by *Good Omens* by Pratchett and Gaiman  (minor edits)  If you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) <eos>
The creatures looked down from the balcony, staring through the stage lights shining against his platinum blond "hair".  *Hair*.  It was a funny word and a funny thing they had all thought when they had first examined the human, rubbing their own bald heads and laughing.  Since then, certain circles of the creatures began to don little tufts of yellow "hair" atop their green scalps.  The man shuffled his feet, moving from side to side and waiting for the music to begin. He cleared his throat, and pulled on the collar of his shirt, which was already drenched in sweat.  Cloze.  Calose.  *Clothes*.  That was it. Clothes were just as odd as hair, but they seemed to serve a purpose. Even then, in the grand auditorium, many groups of the creatures were dressed from both heads to toe and whispering about what the others were wearing.  The prompt came across the screen, and the earthling read from left to right (the only developed creature in the universe that did as such). Puzzled, his eyes squinted, and his head cocked towards his shoulder as he scanned over the prompt again.  **Explain the history of your planet in 5 minuets or less**.  Then, the music began. And, that creature--with his bright blond "hair" and his form fitting "clothes"--danced across the stage in triple time. In the end, the creatures were crying, and their sobs were only buried by the cacophony of their applause. After traveling throughout one galaxy and then another, spreading their love for dance on every planet, the man from earth had performed the most beautiful minuet they had even seen.  From that day on, they looked back fondly in that corner of the universe. Though they had traveled far and years had passed, each of the creatures stared toward the sky at one time or another, and they knew that they would never act like they forgot about Dre. <eos>
"Sir, we've checked and rechecked the translations, and we are 100% positive that this is what they said," General MacMillan said. The army-man's eyes were blazing intensity, and he knew what he wanted to say. However, attacking the invaders had already been written off the board by higher powers than he.  "Five minuets," the President said. "Five minuets. Not minutes. We're sure it's minuets."  It wasn't a question, but the general answered, "Yes."  "Can Eminem even do a minuet? Doesn't he do...I don't know, do rappers even dance?"  "From what I understand, no, sir, they just bounce around and speak rapidly."  "How can he tell the history of the entire Earth in five minuets?" The president leaned back and rubbed his chin where a beard had grown until five minutes before he entered the political stage. That had been over twenty years ago, and now he wasn't sure that anything in his experience would save him now. "Especially if he can't talk."  "We have people working on it. Choreographers in Hollywood, and others of those ilk. Folks who worked in the opera."  "But why Eminem?"  "We don't know. We still have the option of a tactical, nucle--"  "I told you already, I'm not going to go down in history as the president who caused interstellar war. We give in to their demands, Eminem will dance the history of the Earth, and they'll begin trade with us."  "Sir, I strongly reco--"  "Just have your people keep an eye on it. I'm going to give Eminem a call."  ***  "Yeah, I got it, just ask my daughter Haley," Eminem said to the person who was teaching him ballroom dance.  "How's his progress?" the president asked.  "Better than I would've expected, just watch his turn on the Cambrian Explosion," Rick Leon, Eminem's personal tutor, said. Mozart was playing in the background. "It's beyond graceful. The way he moves...it's just impossible to interpret it as anything but a true representation of Earth's 4.5 billion year history."  "So you think he'll be ready?" As the president spoke, Eminem performed two forward steps, swinging his open hands behind him each time. He spun and stepped sideways, raising his arm as though holding the gentle Earth on a string between his fingers. "Never mind."  ***  Eminem walked to the stage that stood on the National Mall, where the aliens had requested the performance take place. He felt awkward without a microphone in his hand, but he knew it was up to him to save humanity.  Critics, artists, and everyday people watched in rapture as he danced the five minuets. Never in the history of the Earth had anyone seen a spectacle that was simultaneously so stunning yet beautiful, so intense yet graceful, so confident yet lacking that egotistical nature of the rapper's life works. Put simply, it was the culmination of the entirety of human culture.  By the end of the first minuet, people cried. At the closing of the second, they wept. At the end of the third, they closed their eyes, feeling unworthy of the sight that unfolded before them. The fourth minuet ended, and paramedics were on the scene, resuscitating and performing first aid on those who had lost consciousness due to the sheer magnificence of the act. The fifth started, and came close to an end. Those able to witness it, those who had endured the crazed glory of the dances thus far, were the only people to hear the rapper say, "Look If you had. One shot. Or one opportunity. To seize everything you ever wanted. In one moment. Would you capture it. Or just let it slip?" He then dropped his pants and mooned the alien mothership.  A short time passed, and the invasion began.  ***  EDIT: Thank you for reading! And for the compliments and gold! <eos>
I slid my 'new' copy of Sims 5 into external CD reader and begin the installation.  Oh man, the memories of this game. Seducing Mrs. S, collapsing her family, leaving her for Mr. S, then leaving him for the new girl, Jane, up the street. Planting insane gardens that took up the entire plot of land, having a kid and locking him in the house as child services try to find a way in, and then burning the whole house down to bring a tragic end to it all. Ah... memories.  The installation went smoothly and I began to create my first family. I wanted to start as a fresh new bachelor and work my way up to the big leagues.  Who would I seduce first? My fingers tingled with excitement.  After the screen loaded, though, I wasn't alone in the house. In fact, my character wasn't who I created. There was an entire family, a man, women and child. I assumed the game made an error and restarted, but again, the same thing.  I was disappointed, to say the least. I told myself this could still be fun, and if I wanted, I could just have the child taken away and divorce the wife and everything would be okay. Honestly, the game looked a lot more realistic than I remembered before, I was almost certain the kid was about 2 years old and the parents were in their early 30's.  Things began like normal. Dad went to work, mom took care of the kid and I barely had any money to keep their happiness and fun up. I made the dad read more, gave him a gym and a chess board. He was going to work his way up the military ladder; I remembered the pay was excellent.  Then one of the AI's started showing up. Only when the mom was out. She would come over and play with the little boy and then one day, she and the dad kissed. They went into the bedroom, kissed and went to the bed to have sex. I couldn't believe it, I didn't even tell him to do it! This AI was amazing! It would kickstart my whole plan to make him a bachelor again.  Things continued like this for awhile: the dad went to work, improved his stats, received promotions, slept with the random girl when the mom was out and I had enough money to really improve the house. I was ready to blow this whole thing up and today it was perfect.  The mom was still in the house, the adulteress was walking down the sidewalk and the dad was working out. The adulteress went around the back of the house and waited. She wasn't going to hide that easily. I told the mom to go out and start BBQing and the dad to go kiss his femme fatale.  They didn't... I slammed my fist against my desk. What the hell was wrong with this game? The mom left the house and the lady came in, then the dad kissed her. Not what I wanted! They walked to the bedroom again, and I knew they would start having sex. They did, but then the kid walked in.  My blood ran cold. I noticed above the headboard there was a painting in the game of a loon gliding across a smooth lake's water. The same painting at my mother's house... The adulteress had something familiar about her too. The jet black hair.  Then it happened. I remembered.  When I was a kid I walked in, trying to find mom. When I opened the door and asked, this lady was on top of my dad... I fast forwarded the timer.  The same routine continued, until a month later when, I guess it was my mom, had found out and was yelling at my dad. They screamed and my dad threw a plate against the wall before storming out of the house. I watched my mom crawl up beside the broken pieces and cry. I watched the AI do what I knew was going to happen.  I remembered, clear as day, walking up to her that day. I sat down beside her as she cried. Whenever I cried she gave me my teddy bear, Mr. Cuddles and that day I gave him to her.  As I watched the animation of me lean up beside her, the game slowly fizzled out and a "game over" screen appeared. Feelings of regret and reminiscence took me. It had been awhile since I last talked to my mother. Things were busy lately (as busy as they can be when you decide to play a video game instead of calling your mother) and I knew my father was a scumbag, but she never told me what happened. I figured he just left--he was always flakey anyway. But in all those years of raising me, I never knew the full sadness she carried. So I picked up the phone and dialed her number.  "Jeffery! What a treat to hear from you! What have you been up to?" she answered.  "Well first off, I just wanted you to know I love and miss you, but other than that, nothing," I joked. She laughed and we talked for the next hour. It was simple, but I think it made today a little more cheerful for the both of us.  Edit: Added to the ending.  -----------------------------------  More stories at /r/ItsPronouncedGif. Thank you so much for reading! <eos>
"Alright men!" Sarge shouted, rotating around. "We've been abandoned by our maker in these Godforsaken wilds. All we know for certain is that we're not going back home."  "But we're in the Great Dunes, nothing lives here," Private Bob responded.  "Look to the skies," Sarge responded, angling himself to point to the sky. Ravenous fiends, winged beasts from beyond our world began circling above us.  One swooped down and pecked at Private Tom; it would have dragged him away were it not for its gag reflex, forcing him to fall back to the Earth.  "TOM!" Private James shouted, struggling to make an effort to catch him; however, the sands trapped his small, green feet, and he couldn't seem to move through the shifting sands.  "It's alright!" Tom shouted. "I'm still alive! The fall wasn't too-"  Another winged fiend swooped down and carried him away.  "Damnit! Find cover!" Sarge commanded, hitting the ground and starting to dig a trench.  "What *are* these beasts?!"  "They call them... pigeons. Relentless, dirty, and evil. They will stop at nothing until they have devoured us all." No more than three minutes later, we had all made a small digout, and had crawled inside.  "It's getting dark," James spoke meekly, cowering deeper.  "All manners of monsters crawl out from hell at night," Sarge responded, lighting his bright green cigarette. "Worms, beetles, ants... I shouldn't frighten you. We can make it through this."  As if on cue, the sands behind them began to shift. A pair of mandibles peeked through.  "ANT!" Bob screamed, running away. Sarge walked up and kicked it in the head, prompting it to scurry away.  "Get a hold of yourself, damnit!" Sarge shouted, slapping Bob across the face. "It's only one ant! They're only dangerous in..."  He trailed off as he heard a massive rumbling. First, a pair of mandibles protruded. Then two. Then four, eight, a hundred: the horde was innumerable.  "There's only a thousand of them! Each soldier, get fifty, and we should be fine!" He kicked a couple of ants, sending them running, before a third grabbed a hold of him and began chewing through his foot. "Hold fast! Don't-AHH!"  Four more ants seized him and he fell.  "Sarge!" Bob cried out, himself falling under a group of ants. James ran away, leaving the rest of his squadron to die; he wasn't going to risk himself for their sake. Every man for himself, as he had once heard.  ~~---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------~~  The next morning, James peeked out from his cover. There was naught but green scraps where his comrades used to be. He began to weep.  A massive rumbling sounded from behind; he turned to see that the maker had returned.  "WHY! WHY HAVE YOU FORSAKEN US!" James shouted; the maker didn't respond.  "Huh, I thought I left them right here," the maker muttered, ignoring James' wriggling, digging through the sand and dirt. "There you are!"  He retrieved the army men from beneath the sand.  "Aww, they're a little chewed up!" he lamented, brushing them clean. He took them and James in his arms, and walked back to his eternal abode.  "Sarge!" James shouted, once they were safe. "Bob, Billy, are you alright?"  "We'll live. Shame you ditched us, we almost got all of them!" Sarge responded, laughing.  "It's a miracle! The maker truly can do anything, even bring back the dead!"  "Praise be upon him," Sarge spoke, looking up to the bright light.  "Praise be upon him," everyone responded in unison. <eos>
The helicopter's skids skimmed the tops of the waves in the Yellow Sea. The stealth paneling should hide it from all radar, but just to be sure it was standard protocol to fly as low as possible. And the pilot, Lieutenant Owczarski, took that as a challenge to turn his bird into a boat.  In the back, eight Navy Seals waited in full gear. In their hands, each of them held a copy of the short transmission received only minutes ago from South Korean agent Gwang Eui-Tae:  > Underground since last contact. Rockets almost ready to launch. Intervene immediately.  She'd gone quiet five years ago, just like every other spy and agent in the country. At first, intelligent sources thought there was just a purge, and a surprisingly effective one for the normally incompetent Kim government. The message largely confirmed that: something had happened to drive her underground. But it didn't explain why she hadn't been able to make it back to one of the safehouses right over the Chinese border, or why she hadn't been able to make any contact in any other way. North Korea may be tightly controlled, but the point of satellite phones is that they work anywhere.  The second part of the message was far more chilling: Rocket almost ready to launch. When communication was first cut off, world leaders braced for nuclear attack. It was the only thing that could explain withdrawing troops from the DMZ and the Chinese border. But after almost six months of evacuations in the South and the hurried installation of an anti-missile shield, it became apparent that there was no imminent attack. That didn't mean the threat was gone for good, though: the only thing still coming out of North Korea was seismic data that showed repeated nuclear tests, growing in size every few months. They were certainly up to something but no one knew exactly what. Or, more importantly, *when* that something would be revealed and used against North Korea's neighbors. And now, the message from Agent Gwang made it clear that the time had come.  "All right," Captain Morrow addressed the men, "Standard retrieval. The fact that this is North Korea doesn't change anything." Out the windows of the helicopter, shore was just becoming visible. There wasn't even a single pinpoint of light across the entire horizon; no one had seen a light on in North Korea in years. "We need to get Gwang out and debrief her as soon as possible to find out how soon the attack will come. And if need be, we need to stay in and thwart the attack."  The men in the back of the helicopter nodded without question. They'd known what they were getting into when they joined the Navy Seals, and stopping an entire country from destroying half of Asia was just another Tuesday. Out the windows, the sea disappeared and was replaced by tree tops so close that they could have reached out and grabbed a branch if not for the doors of the helicopters. Owczarski certainly did enjoy taking risks.  The silent skyline of Pyongyang came into view as the helicopter settled in for a landing in a park by the waterfront. They deployed out the back of the helicopter, guns swinging in all directions. But no one was there to greet them. The river that had once teemed with fishing boats and even a few freighters was now still. Even the buildings along the riverbank were overgrown, no longer kept up. That confirmed what satellite imagery and fly-overs had already guessed from seeing a few buildings crumbling and collapsed.  "This is just unsettling," Andrews growled into the microphone as they activated the night vision setting for their HUDs and advanced into the city. Cars rusted in the streets, not used for years now. At one intersection, they came upon a herd of deer peacefully grazing at the grass growing between cracks in the asphalt. "Where the hell is everyone?"  No one else had a response, but they all felt the same way. A firefight would be preferable to this gnawing, empty silence. How could *millions* of people just *vanish* like this?  "Keep it together," Captain Morrow told them. "We're getting near the transmission point."  In the street ahead of them, the triangular shape of the Ryugyong Hotel loomed over the rest of the city. The hotel was supposed to be North Korea's crowning jewel, but as far as anyone in the intelligence community could guess, it had never seen a single occupant. Instead, it had been abandoned as a monument to the failure of the state. And according to the trace of Agent Gwang's signal, that had been the one place she'd been able to transmit from. The team of seals snaked their way down the streets toward it with guns still at the ready, though it looked more and more like that wouldn't be necessary. Finally they reached the edge of the hotel's walls.  "Sir?" Petty Officer Llewelyn had his hand against the concrete wall. "It's... vibrating."  The rest of the team joined him, placed their hands alongside his, and then exchanged looks that all said one thing: what the fuck is going on in this place?  "Let's get inside," Captain Morrow ordered. They weren't here to investigate shaking walls, they were here to extract the South Korean informant.  They made their way around the edge of the hotel. Lawns that had once been manicured were now overgrown, and ivy was beginning to creep up the side of the hotel. Satellite maps led the team straight to the doors of the hotel, which had once been made of glass but were now just gaping holes with a few remaining shards. "Some kind of insurrection, you think?" Petty Officer Graeber wondered aloud.  "There's no bodies," Llewelyn answered. "If they'd turned on each other, there'd be bodies. And plenty more destruction."  "Stow it," Morrow barked as they entered the lobby. Despite having not seen a soul, they still didn't want to give away their position should someone be in the hotel. Agent Gwang was still the objective. He led the way past the termite-eaten front desk of the hotel and down the hall, deeper into the interior. The vibrating grew worse and worse, making it hard to even walk. They arrived at a set of double doors marked with Korean that the auto-translating HUD in their helmets informed them said "Main stairway." Morrow placed a charge on the door, urged them all back, and then detonated it. After waiting a moment to see if there was any reaction, the Captain charged in first and was nearly blinded as bright light overwhelmed his night vision.  The interior was gleaming white and lit with enormous spotlights. The team changed their HUDs back to normal vision and entered what looked like a huge laboratory. Forgetting their discipline, they rushed over to the railing across from the door and looked down into the depths under the hotel. Below them was a hole that seemed to stretch *miles* into the earth, with row after row of balconies teeming with people. And filling that hole was an enormous rocket ship probably a hundred times larger than anything NASA had ever built.  The HUD picked up the writing along the side of the rocket and automatically translated it for the seals: The People's Ark.  ----  If you liked this, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for hundreds of other stories!  [By request, here is Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/5gmn30/pyongyang/datuge3/)! <eos>
Gambling was a hobby of mine.  See when I was younger, before I got out of the game I used to play back alley poker with a bunch of Genies. Texas Hold'em was their game of choice, though sometimes they demanded we play monopoly. Don't ask me how, and please don't ask why- instead just be content with the knowledge that some of them do look and act like Robin Williams.  I also suspect one of them might have actually been Shaquille O'Neal.  Regardless of the circumstances that lead me to be an honorary member of that table, or the consequences that seemed to impact my life in an endless string of oddities before finally stepping away and leaving the games behind: I can tell you that I've won some pretty weird shit.  In my Studio Apartment, I've got a toaster that pops out grilled cheese sandwiches- prebuttered and crisped to perfection. In my bathroom I have plunger than can do the work itself, and I've got one of those magic carpets- only it's too lazy to move most days. I even have a pet tabby cat that can talk, or at least speak on occasion, when it wants to.  Honestly, there are probably some other weird trinkets I'm forgetting about. Bizarre objects I've piled high up in the back of my closet, stuffed deep with all sorts of other mystic mumbo-jumbo and bits of heeby-jeeby witchcraft, but out of my entire collection there is only one possession that truly makes a difference to me. Out of everything I have ever come into contact with, won, lost, or bartered among magic folk and almost all-seeing entities: My car is the crown Jewel. The representative *Magnum Opus* of my past gambling career.  When I first got it, this baby was a metallic green. Legacy station wagon, Subaru 97' hatchback. Mint condition, slightly used by a Genie from the north country who put it up against fifteen gold bars and a bag of magic sand that was supposedly capable of making you seed the universe if you happened to have the cajones to snort some of it under a solar eclipse.  For all the mysticism in the world, there were only two magic words sealed the deal for me that day, ensuring that I would be driving in style for years to come: *Full-House.*  Next thing I knew, I was the proud owner of a Genie's automobile. Rare and almost unheard of for a mere mortal, I even left on good terms too (which is very important when dealing with Genies) and I passed him off the bag of sand when we shook on it.  No point in pissing off someone who could turn me into a talking parrot named Iago.  But see, there was a trick to the car. It wasn't always a 97 hatchback: No sir, this vehicle was all-purpose, all-seeing, future predicting and filled with the powerful energy of some far-off and distant parallel plane of existence. It could change, shift to accommodate the day ahead of me. If it was snowing? Poof: Snow-tires, top tier. If it was flooding? Snap of the fingers and my car was a four by four, but there were some days when it changed without me even noticing. When I had a date it turned into a corvette, and when she broke up with me it turned into a small moped I could hide in my apartment until we were sure she wasn't coming to give us the ex-girlfriend special.  One time it even changed into a crown-vic when I was toggling the radio stations and got me past a speed trap ticket free.  Safe to say that unlike the magic toaster or the talking tabby, my car and I had an real understanding. Only the finest oil changes would do, only top-notch gasoline, routine inspections and transmission flushes- and in return I knew it would have my back through anything.  Well this Saturday morning I went outside after a brunch of grilled cheese and coffee, same as any Saturday morning, only instead of my normal car I found a metallic green tank parked right up onto the curb. A huge, thick treaded, armor and cannon-mounted, possibly German engineered, war-machine.  "Hey, Human." Startled, I almost dropped my sandwich. As many things as it could do, my car couldn't talk. "Hey, up here." The voice shouted again.  From the second floor window of my apartment, I turned and peered up, focusing my attention on the window sill home to several potted plants and a large patch of... fur. I squinted to see the orange tabby sitting coolly by the screen, eyes all-but shut against the early afternoon light, passing a half-interested glare in my direction.  "If you happen to make it back alive human, don't forget to bring back some tuna."  With that warning the tank's hatch opened, a loud creaking "slam" announcing entry was strongly recommended. Somehow I knew it was going to be one hell of a day.  ----  *If you like what you're reading, feel free to check out my other work over at r/jakethesnakebakecake* *!*  *edit: magnum not magna!* <eos>
I paced back and forth in my cell, looking for some kind of weakness. The force-field walls were impenetrable, as far as I could tell. I'd spent about half an hour running into them at full speed while Jack Black developed nicknames for me. But I hadn't tried the ceiling yet; it was pretty high up there. I turned the bed, which was the only piece of furniture in the room, onto its side. And by jumping off of the bed and then using the force-field wall to propel myself even higher, I finally managed to grab onto the ceiling.... only learn that it was electrified. My whole body twitched, and I fell to the floor spasming in pain.  "Aaaahahahah!" Jack Black laughed, sitting on a windowsill looking out into the empty void of space. The fingers on his right hand were covered in Cheeto dust, and his left hand held the bag. "BzZzZzZzZ!!!" His eyes bugged out and his whole body (particularly his paunchy belly) shook as he made exaggerated jolting movements. He laughed again, then repeated the whole routine in case I hadn't seen it the first time.  "If you're not going to help me, could you *PLEASE* put a shirt on?" I shouted to him. It was bad enough that he was there just to mock me; did I really have to look at his pasty chest while he did it?  "Could you *puh-lease* put a shirt ooowwwon!!" he sang in an exaggerated mimicry, pantomiming a microphone with the bag of cheetos . Then he proceeded to drum on his chubby stomach for a while, sending ripples through layers of fat. His right hand left five greasy orange streaks running from his hip to his belly button  "It's not really Jack Black," I muttered to myself. "It's not really Jack Black." He was down on Earth somewhere, probably in a mansion and wearing a luchadora mask or something. Also probably eating Cheetos. "They're just doing it to torture me."  "And it's *woooooorking*!" Jack sang out, strumming wildly on an air guitar. Then he drew a Cheeto out of the bag and tossed it at my face; it bounced off of my forehead. I tried to ignore him... so he threw another Cheeto at me.  An alien came around the corner in view of the cell. It moved kind of like a snail or a slug, sliding along the slick metal floor. But it was the size of a small boulder, with waving tentacles coming out its back at odd angles. Jack Black jumped up from his spot near the window, stood at attention like a soldier, and saluted. "Your Majesty!" he called the alien in a booming, sonorous voice that went echoing down the hall. I wasn't sure if he was trying to be funny, or if it really was some kind of royalty. Probably the former, because I doubt they would stand at attention just like humans. Particularly with no legs. "Cheeto?" Jack held out the bag to the alien.  *Are you ready to talk yet?* The alien asked telepathically, ignoring Jack Black in a way that I only *wished* I could.  "NEVER!" I shouted back. I refused to be responsible for betraying my entire planet. They'd have to kill me.  *Very well.* The alien retreated back down the hall. *I'll leave you in Jack's capable hands for a while longer, then.*  "Cayapable hayands!!!" Jack shouted, dropping to his knees and holdings his fists in the air like he was belting out a climactic solo.  I ground my teeth, not sure how much longer I could hold out against such torture.  -----  Subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for more (and better) stories! <eos>
It had been four months since I was taken. Throughout it all, Jack Black had just been... there. I don't know why. I don't know how. But he's just been roaming around the hallways, eating and giving me shit in equal order. I used to like him - his older stuff, at least - but now I was just about ready to kill him.  He doesn't seem to be an alien - they look like nothing I'd ever imagined, let alone seen. But he doesn't seem to be their captive either. They seem to revere him, actually.  I saw him walk past, the prison bars the only thing separating us. He was passionately air guitaring, and I sighed. I just couldn't help myself anymore.  "What the hell are you doing here, Jack? What does any of this mean?"  He put his finger up to shush me, continuing his guitar solo with one hand. When his imaginary crescendo ended, he sat down opposite me.  "Aliens have been searching the galaxy for something," he said, resting his imaginary guitar against the wall, "and I'm totally the key to finding it."  This was a personal revelation. I did not know why the aliens abducted me - could I be a key to their search as well? Jack Black and I, an unlikely duo?  "What is it? Do you know something they don't?" I asked, feeling hope for the first time in months.  Jack Black smirked, putting his hands in his pockets. "Course I do, dude-eo."  "What is it??"  "They're looking for *the greatest song in the world.*"  I sat there in disbelief. This couldn't be real. Aliens with faster-than-light technology couldn't be so... *stupid*.  "I wrote the tribute to it, of course," he continued, nodding with self-satisfaction, "can't remember it now though. Blew our fucking minds, man."  "But that was just a dumb song!" I shouted, and he looked at me in surprise. "Your joke band wrote it- Tenacious D!"  "You think it was a lie?" he asked, visibly hurt. "Not cool, bro. Not cool."  I put my head in my hand, closing my eyes. I didn't know what to believe anymore.  "I don't... ok, sure. Let's say it's real. Then where are we going?"  He looked at me like I was an idiot. "To Satan, obviousli-rohnee," he said, standing up. "Me and Kyle played it to him, gotta go ask him if he remembers it."  He stared out the window, as stars whizzed by. "Tough guy to reach these days," he added as an afterthought.  I gazed up at him. Satan, aliens, all the experiments I've endured... was there some kind of cosmic purpose to all this? Was I somehow linked to *The Greatest Song In The World?*  "And what about me, Jack?" I asked as he walked away, desperate for the answer. "Why did they bring me with?"  He stopped, as if considering it for the first time. He looked back at me, shrugging.  "Butt stuff, probably."  *****  *****  If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my new subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/)  I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3  Edit: Check out this [amazing reading](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/comments/5h0bst/wp_jack_black/daxgeai/) of the story by /u/NachosGalore! <eos>
"It was Zeus!" Melandria insisted, falling back onto the bed and gingerly holding her swollen belly. "I couldn't resist him! He came in the form of..." she looked around the bedroom wildly as I advanced closer, knife in hand. "In the form of an enormous wolf!" Surely it was coincidence that her eyes fell on the vase in the corner depicting a wolf.  "A lie!" I called to her. "You've lain with another man!"  "No, never! It was Zeus!"  "It's true, my liege!" Euredipes, our loyal steward of five years agreed. He stood between us to prevent me from attacking my poor wife; always so willing to sacrifice himself for the safety of our family, and my wife in particular. If he hadn't been here to comfort her in my absence, who *knows* what might have happened? "I witnessed the king of Olympus himself come and transform into a wolf and enter her bedroom! It's the *only* possible explanation!"  I glared at her, then at Euredipes, then back at her. The room was silent but for her quiet sobs.  "This is a blessing," Euredipes continued. "Imagine: the great god Zeus chose *your* wife of all the women on this earth! What a testament to her great beauty!"  "Do you have any proof of this?" I asked them. I did know the stories of Zeus choosing mortal women as his mate, but *my own wife*?  Euredipes and Melandria exchanged a look. "I... uh..." Euredipes stammered. "Of course I tried to fight the wolf, my lord! Thinking that it was a threat to our family, come to steal the lamb from our pens. But as soon as I brought my knife to bear against it, it just vanished in a puff of smoke! Only a God could disappear like that without leaving a trace of proof!"  "Then what are those scratches from?" I asked, thrusting my knife in the direction of Euredipes's exposed shoulder. There were four scratches that trailed down toward his back, and what looked like it may have been a bruise on his neck. "If not a wolf?"  "Of course!" Melandria broke in, rising from the bed to stand with the steward. "Of course. See, the wolf *attacked* Euredipes before vanishing. Clearly Zeus did not want to be caught, knowing that we would pray to Hera with news of his infidelity. And in the fight, poor Euredipes was wounded." She tenderly rubbed his shoulder, with each finger on top of one scratch. "He was just too modest to tell you what really happened, weren't you, Euredipes?"  "Errr... yes. That's... yes. I was attacked by the wolf," the steward agreed.  "I see." That would indeed explain the cries of Melandria and the grunts of Euredipes that my other servants had reported to me upon my return. I sheathed my knife. "Very well, then. I have no choice but to avenge your honor, dear wife!" I turned and called down the hall to one of the servants. "Fetch me my spear and shield immediately!"  "What do you mean to do?" Melandria asked. Euredipes took a step away from me, and his eyes darted toward the door.  "I plan to climb to the top of Olympus and confront Zeus myself!" I told her.  Euredipes let out a deep breath; his eyes were wide with shock. "And... uhhh... how long do you expect that to take?" he asked.  "It could be years," I warned him with a grimace. There was no point in lying; finding the Gods would be a long and difficult road. "Many, many years. But I will never give up!" There was a brief lull while they processed that information. "Why do you ask?"  He and Melandria exchanged a look, maybe even the hint of a smile. "No, nothing," he answered. "No reason. Just... you know... Good luck!"  ----  [By request, here is Part 2 where he confronts Zeus](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/5h8cc6/melandria_and_the_wolf/dayovwj/). <eos>
"Face me, Zeus!" he cried, his voice reverberating across Mount Olympus. It had taken him many years to reach the peak, and he saw no Kingdom of Gods - only a massive expanse of mountain. A plateau of pointlessness.  He stood there, breathing deeply, impossibly alone. Had he embarked on this quest for nothing? Were there truly no gods - like the wise man had said? Was this all for naught?  Thunder boomed, the light flashing across the sky. In an instant, he knew - He was here.  "**WHY DO YOU SUMMON ME, MORTAL?**" the voice echoed, as mountains shook. His ears felt as if they would burst, and his heart would stop. But he would not turn back now.  "You have bedded my lover, Zeus!" the man replied, blood dripping from his ears, "You have defiled that which was sacred!"  His words drifted into the landscape, finding no purchase. Silence followed, louder than words. Then, the voice spoke:  "...**You're going to need to be more specific, little man.**"  The voice was softer this time, yet dripping in discontent. He felt his anger grow anew.  "*You dare mock me?*" the man shouted, screaming at his creator. What kind of God did this? Would allow this?  "Three years ago to this day I found her, Zeus! No doubt her child - *your child* - would have been a healthy toddler; had she given birth!"  The ensuing silence felt heavy, oppressive. Then laughter started, and grew, until the entire valley shook in it, revelled in it.  Clouds parted, and Zeus himself came down to face him, his face twisted in laughter, his body muscle and sinew.  "**How could she even be pregnant,**" the voice replied, laughing in great heaves, "**if I was not even in human form?**"  His words hit him. He launched towards him, his fist clenched, his entire body poised. His fist caught Zeus on the chin, pushing him over the edge, sending him careening down the mountain.  The man stood there alone, breathing heavily. Had this truly happened? Had he punched a God?  He felt himself being watched. He looked up, and various gods of the pantheon looked down at him, with varying expressions. Ares came down and patted him on the back, almost slamming him to the floor.  "Good job, man!" Ares cried with vigour, as he looked towards the other gods. "Did you guys see that? He fucking *nailed* him!"  "Like Zeus did his wife," Dionysus joked under his breath.  He gazed up at the gods. They were all so... *human*. So like him. Awe was replaced with disappointment, reverence with ridiculousness. It all felt so wrong, so pointless.  He turned away, and began to walk down the mountain. Ares stopped him, with a mixture of curiosity and concern. A thunderstorm was brewing around them.  "Are you sure you want to leave?" Ares asked, his hand on his shoulder. "When Zeus gets back he's going to *end you*." Already thunder could be heard in the distance.  The man stared at him.  "My wife is a whore, and the Gods are mad," he said, as he walked towards the lightning. "I'll make my own fate."  ****  The gods watched him go. Dionysus was the first to speak.  "You know mortals cannot harm a god, right?" Dionysus said to Ares.  Ares nodded.  "I wonder if he knows," he said, as lightning crashed around them, and Dionysus smiled.  "I guess they've got a pretty fucked up father-son relationship."  ****  *****  *****  If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my new subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/)  I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 <eos>
"We have it, sir."  "Excellent," I said, "now hurry up and put her in the interrogation chamber."  "Sir!" The soldier rushed to comply and hoisted the repulsive thing, still passed out, and tied her to a chair.  "Make sure its binds are secured," I told him, "we don't want her getting free."  I sat across from the captive, I wanted her to see me when she first regained consciousness, to know that her life was over.  I didn't have to wait long. Soon the thing stirred, and reflexively strained against her bonds. I stiffened for a second, but the creature gave up, unable to break free. I let out a shaky breath that I didn't even realize I had been holding.  Soon it opened its sharp blue eyes suddenly and looked right at me. To its credit, it didn't flinch.  I gave it a smile.  "So Madame Chair, is it?" I said, savoring the moment, "welcome to hell."  Her eyes flickered about, taking in the sights, my red skin, pointy tail, my horns. The temperature, which humans find uncomfortable apparently, and the sharp odor of brimstone. And just for a moment her cool facade slipped, a crack in her mask, and her eyes widened slightly, her lips parted.  And then it was gone as swiftly as it had come. But I saw it, I saw the thing's fear. It felt good to know that their leader could feel it.  She looked at me again, with that same intense gaze that commanded authority, it was no wonder she became the leader of the Earth Congress. "It's a little warm," she said, actually managing to smile, "and these bonds are a bit too tight, do you mind loosening them?"  I laughed mirthlessly, the laughter not reaching my eyes. Laughed at the courage of this woman, her ability to make jokes, to retain some semblance of control despite her situation. Laughed at our final victory.  "I see through your facade, Madame, talk all you want, you'll be doing a lot of that whether you want it or not soon enough. You know this not a welcoming party."  "So," she said, leaning back and managing to look as comfortable as possible in her bonds, "let's skip the part where I refuse to tell you my plans, and you scare and intimidate me, and then you torture me so much that I eventually give in and tell you everything anyways, just that time without my fingers."  "Let's start simply then," I said, slightly uncomfortable by her forthright manner, "how did you invade hell?" We already knew the answer to this, and we suspected the humans did not know that we knew. I wanted to test her honesty.  She shrugged. "It was simple really, we managed to reverse engineer-" I held up my hand.  "I'm sorry, reverse engineer?" I asked, not knowing the phrase.  "To build something by looking at a complete version," she explained. I motioned for her to continue. She nodded, "Yes...reverse engineer one of your imp nests that spawned imps from hell directly to Earth, and managed to make a device that does the opposite. This also gave us the space-time co-ordinates of hell, so we knew where and when to go."  I pretended to frown, as if thinking if this would work, but my mind was racing. She was telling the truth, we had lost an imp nest and we had figured that's how the humans had made their way back in.  "Alright, let's continue. Where will the human forces be retreating?"  She pretended to look confused, "I'm sorry, what do you mean retreat?"  I smiled savagely. "Do you take us for fools, Madame Chair? You think we would infiltrate the very heart of your planet and capture you just to ask questions? No, you know as well as we do that we have cut off the head of the snake, without you the humans will halt their offensive."  And what an offensive it had been. In the first months of 2021 we had pushed the humans back, taking their cities and killing their people. But after the surprise had faded the humans had pushed back. *Hard*. Their...technology let them perform wonders that we thought they were incapable of. We could launch fireballs but they could shoot iron balls from some sort of hand held device. We had demons with wings, but they flew in metal birds. We had leviathans in the oceans but they had steel titans that sailed *on* the oceans.  We were pushed back, and had retreated to hell after extensive casualties. We thought we would lick our wounds, bide our time, strike when the humans were weak, when we became a myth once again. We had the patience for millennia after all.  But then they came to us.  They tore into us, like insects they marched across the planes of oblivion, destroying our structures, freeing our prisoners. They recruited long dead humans, the most vicious of them, and turned them against us. They had marched to the palace of hell itself, seeking to capture our leader, the Devil himself.  Without him we would fall apart, the different species of demons would turn on each other, and the war would be over.  But that had not happened. And I turned back to the woman gloating, "Just as we cannot fight without our leader, your humans will crumble without you. They are finished."  Her face had paled, and I bore on, "don't worry though, we will not kill you, we will keep you alive for a *long* time, before your release comes and you go to heaven, longer that you would have lived on Earth." I paused dramatically, savoring the look of utter fear on her face,  "Of course you might not find it as...comfortable as Earth."  I had expected her to cower, to cry, perhaps even revert back to her stoic mask, not showing emotions.  I did not expect her to laugh.  "You fools, you sorry, poor fools!" She said, gasping for breath. "I..I just couldn't keep up the act anymore, my God." I flinched as she said the last word, but remained confused.  "I was told you didn't understand human psychology, but delusion of this scale I had not even imagined." She was actually crying from laughter, and now *she* smiled smugly at me. "I have a second, you idiot, I will be replaced and the humans will continue attacking. This is not some sort of movie where if you kill the leader, all the underlings fall apart. Killing me does nothing."  I sat back, stunned. She had been acting, pretending to be afraid, pretending to show her 'true' emotions. And the human assault would not stop. "You lie!" I screamed at her, "all species' fall without their leader. You kill a pack leader and you become leader, you kill the Devil and the demons fall apart. This is the nature of the world!"  She just continued laughing.  The Devil needed to be evacuated! The humans may not need their leader but we did. I turned to shout orders to the soldiers outside, and they hurried away, reporting to the Devil.  I turned back to the woman. "Your humans may advance, but you will not, we captured you, and rest assured you will not see the light of day again."  She stopped laughing and smiled at me. A smile that chilled me to the bone. "What the hell makes you think you were capable enough to capture me...if we didn't let you."  The soldier I had commanded to report to the devil returned, one of the human hand devices in his hand, and pointed it at me.  "Betrayal," I whispered. Then, fiercely, I turned to the soldier, "Traitor!"  He shrugged, untying the human's bonds. "I like to be on the winning side."  The woman, now free from her bonds turned to me. "Thank you for bringing me to the most secure location in hell. The tracker I have swallowed has alerted my forces where this is. We will release the most fearsome humans in history from this facility."  She turned to walk away. "Kill it," she said in a dismissive gesture, "we have work to do."  "Sorry boss," the soldier said with a casual shrug, and shot me.  Blackness ensued.  ***  (minor edits)  If you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)  **Due to popular demand, I present to you, [Part 2!](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5hk0nq/wp_2021_hell_invades_earth_2022_earth_invades_hell/db1got6/)**  EDIT: /u/YouWriteITalk was kind enough to narrate this story. You can find this [here](https://soundcloud.com/user-21186380/the-invasion-of-hell-by-uxcessivesmash) <eos>
Static. John stared at the radio, thumbing the power button, but no matter how many times he turned it on, it stayed off.  *Radio blackout until... I'm sorry John, God help us all.* The words repeated themselves, over and over in John's head until it drowned out the shushing white noise that had enveloped the ISS.  "What the hell?" John turned, but remembered he was alone. More than alone, right now, he was probably the loneliest man in the universe--not another human for a thousand miles.  Sarah and Jake used to keep him company, but they left the previous week. John was supposed to follow as soon as he had finished doing a full systems check, but it had taken longer than expected. So they left him behind along with one working shuttle and a handwritten note that read 'smell you later'. Sarah's work no doubt.  "ISS to Houston, do you copy?"  Static.  "ISS to Houston, please respond."  But all he got back was the soft beeps and groans of the ISS.  The radio crackled and came to life. "John? Can you hear me?" It was Sarah.  John swiped the receiver and pressed it to his lips. "Loud and clear, Sarah. The hell is going on?"  "John, it doesn't matter," she said.  "The hell is that supposed to mean? Why do we need to maintain radio silence?" John rushed through his words, spitting into the mic. "What do you see down there? Sarah, please, is this a joke?"  "John," she said like it was the end of a sigh. "Do you remember back when we boarded the ISS, that very first glimpse of the Earth? There was near zero cloud coverage and we were on the wrong side of the sun. Our cities shined brighter than the stars."  John kept silent and nodded.  "Well," she continued. "Do me a favor. Don't look again. I know it's stupid, but I want that... at least for it be beautiful. I don't expect you to understand, just--"  But John had already dropped the receiver and was scrambling toward the observation deck. He ran into what looked like an IMAX theatre, except instead of a screen, it was all window, and he stared as the sun peeked over the Earth's cusp. And when it did, John's planet stayed dark.  The ocean blues, desert yellows, and forest greens all shone in the same pitch black.  John's breath caught and his hands went clammy. He blinked and stared, blinked and stared, but the image remained. It was a hand, a black hand wrapped around the planet. Its fingers extended across the oceans, cutting continents in half and blocking any sunlight from reaching the ground.  "What the fuck," John muttered as he traced the hand to its wrist, up its arms, and all the way towards Jupiter where the thing stood, its face like a human's. Its eyes were the cracked red of sleepless nights and its lips parted in a wide smile that revealed a mandible of colossal teeth. And ever so slowly, it dragged the Earth into its mouth. <eos>
The request did not make sense. It was too quick and unprofessional. Attempts by the communications crew to reestablish contact had failed. There were more than a thousand sensors and experiments recording data and relaying them to earth.  "We're not able to get the signal through," Viktor said in his thick Russian accent.  "To which lab?" I asked.  "To any of them."  I sped through the module to the cupola node at the end. Sunita was already there, peering through the observatory.  "Where are we?" I peered at the large landmass underneath.  "Over Central Asia, moving South East."  Not a very populated region. But it was a lot darker than usual.  "A cloudy night?"  "Don't think so." Sunita snapped. Look over there, she pointed to a second pane towards the South West. "Over there should be New Delhi, which is a huge blob. But even if they had a powercut, then look forward, we're approaching the eastern coastline of Asia. We should see Shanghai, Hong Kong, Taipei... all of them are dark. I've never seen anything like this before."  "No response from the Russians, the Europeans, the Americans or the Japanese." Viktor shouted from across.  I moved back to the central module where everyone could hear me.  "Everyone, shut down all communications. Turn off all lights except the emergency lights. Close down all systems. Only the tranquility node and one rehydration dispenser stays open. Put on your space suits and connect them directly to the Oxygen tank. We don't know how long we'll remain without ground support so we need to conserve as much as we can."  I'd been in the Air Force before this, and my military instinct kicked in. I could sense danger. I put on my suit and went up the observatory. The others followed after shutting down their systems.  "Approaching the western coast of South America." Sunita said.  The sun had just Shone on Chile. Across the horizon the northern icecaps of the Antarctic glistened. In the South a blazing green of the Aurora Australis was visible.  Something was wrong.  "Everyone, move to the Solar observation deck." We made our way to the other end of the module. This one didn't have panels, only displays.  "Switch it on," I told Satoshi. "But keep the communication link disabled."  "What's wrong, Captain?" Satoshi asked as he nervously operated the system.  "The Southern lights, there was something strange about them."  Sunita nodded.  "As if something with a massive magnetic field had distorted them."  They switched on the solar cameras.  "Solar flares are unusually subdued." Satoshi said.  "Wait, I don't think someone has parked a satellite at the third Lagrange point." There were five Lagrange points between the Earth and the Sun. NASA had parked solar telescopes at two of them. The others were supposed to be empty.  "It's not a satellite." I said. It was too massive, almost planetary.  "Uh, guys." Viktor said, nervously. Everyone turned to look at him.  Everything shook. My visor almost cracked as it smashed against the microgravity glovebox.  The trembling was over. No one spoke. They all knew what it was, they'd seen it dozens of times. Except earlier, it would be with a warning and they'd all be fastened secure.  It was the transfer of momentum from a module docking on to the space station.  ---------  More: [2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5i108w/wp_you_are_an_astronaut_in_the_iss_the_last/db4xw16/), [3](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5i108w/wp_you_are_an_astronaut_in_the_iss_the_last/db52y37/), [4](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5i108w/wp_you_are_an_astronaut_in_the_iss_the_last/db5b92n/), [5](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5i108w/wp_you_are_an_astronaut_in_the_iss_the_last/db6aq64/), [6](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5i108w/wp_you_are_an_astronaut_in_the_iss_the_last/db6v402/), [7](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5i108w/wp_you_are_an_astronaut_in_the_iss_the_last/db9hzj8/), [8](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5i108w/wp_you_are_an_astronaut_in_the_iss_the_last/dba5x6c/), [9](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5i108w/wp_you_are_an_astronaut_in_the_iss_the_last/dba5xcs/) THE END. <eos>
"But... that can't have been *Hell?*" Christopher said slowly. He moved his arm to tug at his shirt collar as he always did when he was nervous. Only this time, there was no shirt. There was no body at all; there was only his *belief* that he still possessed a corporeal form.  The angel smiled at him. It was a soft, gentle smile. The smile a mother gives to her baby. "That *was* Hell, Christopher. Think back. Think of what you have been through. You have paid a great penance; a penance equal to your crime. I am here to take you home."  Christopher's mind suddenly jumped back to the night of the car crash. The too long drive, the argument with Suzan, and then how in a spate of unusual rage, he had turned around to face his chattering, excited children in the back of the car. To tell them to **shut the hell up or he'd turn the car around right this instant. No Disne-**. Then the sound of a desperate *beep* coming from two tons of out of control metal.  He remembered waking in the hospital and begging the nurse to tell him how his family was doing. Out of all the memories he carried, the look on the nurse's face was the most vivid. He could never forget that look; a look that taunted him whilst he was awake and haunted him whilst he slept. He knew that instant, they were gone.  Months passed and he was back in his home, *their home*, only now he was alone. Well, not quite alone. He had the vodka. A constant, never ending stream of the foul spirit that would cost him his job, his friends and eventually, his health.  "It wasn't Hell," Christopher stuttered, "It can't have been, because I had something..." Christopher tried to grasp at fleeting memories; memories that brought with them a gut wrenching pain, yet they were memories that meant *everything* to him. His parents smiling at him as he opened presents on Christmas day; Suzan looking more beautiful than anything he'd ever seen before as she walked down the aisle; his children on the day they were born.  "It wasn't Hell, because I had love." Christopher spat out, desperate to believe it.  "Even in Hell there has to be hope, Christopher. You must know happiness to know sadness. Without one, you cannot appreciate the other. You were given a very great happiness so that you could experience a very great pain."  "It's... It wasn't." Christopher wanted to argue, but he couldn't collate his thoughts properly. His mothers slow, painful death. His best friend leaving. God, the state of the world - the starving children - was it all designed just to punish him? What did he do to cause this? What had been his crime?  The angel began to whistle a single note. It was a constant, but pleasing sound. Comforting. The noise wrapped around Christopher as if it were a blanket.  "Christopher," said a familar voice. It couldn't be -  "Suzan?" he whispered as he turned.  The familiar shape of a lady began to coalesce out of the nothingness. It wasn't yet fully formed, but Christopher recognised the silhouette. Two smaller shapes began to form by her side.  Christopher dropped to his knees and began to weep. "I'm so sorry, I'm so so sorry."  Every passing moment brought the shapes more to life.  "We forgive you," said Suzan smiling. She reached out an arm. "I'm here to take you home."  Christopher looked at Suzan, and then at the angel. The angel smiled, and nodded.  Christopher ran to his family and hugged them tightly for a long time, and as he did so he wept fiercely. Eventually, he took his wife's hand, and allowed her to guide him onwards. For the first time in a long time, Christopher was smiling.  ---  Not long after Christopher had left, the angel's form began to change; its lips curled into a cruel, satisfied grin. It had given Christopher hope and happiness back. In time it would take them away again.  ---  Thanks for reading. More of my stories on: /r/nickofnight  I've awoken to a bit of controversy surrounding the ending. It was originally more subtle and open to interpretation; perhaps I should have left it that way. I don't always like WP twists, but to be honest I didn't think this piece was strong enough without it. I'm glad some of you enjoyed it though. Thanks for reading! <eos>
Most of the "immortals" on our planet only hold one world record. Naturally, this makes them nervous, and dooms them to spend their immortality tediously improving their skill to make their record harder to break. The more ambitious "immortals" will forego the usual record padding in an attempt to set a second world record, a term we like to call "backing up the hard drive." Obviously, this presents a huge risk. Your competition certainly will not be taking time off from honing the skill that makes you immortal, and will not care in the slightest if you need to die so they can gain their own immortality.  I only hold one record, but unlike the other immortals, I have very little to fear.  Because I'm the oldest person alive.  Being the oldest person alive is a pretty sweet gig. There's infinite job security, and no need to improve on the skill that's keeping me alive. In fact, the only way to improve is to just keep my heart beating, which is pretty easy to do, being immortal and all.  Of course, the record also has its drawbacks. My body hasn't deteriorated since I gained immortality, but since I didn't become the oldest person alive until I was 116 years old, it's pretty tough for me to move around. My body can instantly regenerate any injuries caused by the advanced Osteoporosis I suffer, but my bones come back just as brittle as they were before. It's a bit of a pain.  But my deteriorated body is nothing compared to my biggest nuisance, Dolores Smith.  As you may have guessed, Dolores is the second oldest person alive. She currently has a $100,000,000 bounty on my head, which she plans to pay off over a 250 year period. The bounty is pointless, of course. As long as I am the oldest person alive, I will continue to live. But that doesn't prevent the endless string of attempts on my life, by people who just can't resist taking a shot at that money.  In addition to the amateurs, who resort to placing crude explosives outside my house, (try to imagine my insurance premiums), or standing on my front porch with shotguns, Dolores has also organized several hits from professional assassins. I'd like to say that coming face to face with these cold hearted killers is the most terrifying part of my immortality, but I'd be lying if I didn't say I had a great time meeting Cesar Hernandez.  With my limited mobility, I mostly stay inside my house. I don't meet with many other "immortals", apart from infrequent online group chats, so it was a pleasant surprise to find Cesar lurking in my house one Saturday night. I won't disturb you with the gory details of how he attempted to do me in, but I will tell you that his methods were extremely creative and well thought out. I can certainly see why he holds the world record for most contract kills.  Once my body's atoms put themselves back in place, Cesar gave me a long look before nodding in resignation. "I apologize for the inconvenience I caused you." He extended a muscular arm to me. "I'm Cesar."  Even in failure, he was such a charming young man. I accepted his handshake without a second thought. "Nancy. I've heard a lot about you."  "And I have heard a lot about you." Cesar paused for a second, as if he were debating leaving. "Again, I'm really sorry about this. I know from experience how shitty it is to have people constantly trying to kill you. Let me buy you a drink to make it up to you."  Now, it had been over 120 years since I had last gone to a bar, but I just couldn't say no to Cesar. We had a lovely evening, with most of our conversation revolving around our shared hatred of Dolores. "I really hope she dies soon," I said with a sigh.  Cesar grinned, and stared at his reflection in the bar's mirror. It was a long time before either of us spoke. "You know," he finally said, "whoever figures out how to kill an immortal first is going to become a very powerful person."  I nodded silently, and allowed myself a small smile into my martini glass. "Perhaps someone already has."  Cesar furrowed his brow, and gave me a long, hard look. "You must know I need to ask how you did it."  "I completely understand." With a feeble hand, I lifted the martini glass to my mouth. "But you must know that I'm never going to tell you."  Another long silence passed. Cesar stared straight into my eyes, with a look that was a mix of anger and begrudging respect. "Yeah, I know." He picked his platinum credit card off the surface of the bar, and returned it to his wallet. "Well, regardless, it was nice to make your acquaintance. Let's get you home."  He was so charming that I almost wanted to tell him, but I just smiled and lowered myself from my chair. "I think that would be for the best. Thank you for a wonderful evening, Cesar."  __________________________________________________________________________  Edit: [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mvdww/comments/5iltkc/the_oldest_woman_alive_part_2/) of Nancy's story is up now. <eos>
How does one feel as one is rejuvenated?  It feels, I would say, quite like being licked by a corgi puppy.  Yes, it feels as if one is laying on one's bed in one's private chamber, with the morning's early light peering through the curtains, striking the oily portraits of Edward IV, George III and Victoria, until it stirs the corgi puppies from their respite and those tiny darling creatures hop right up on one's bed and lick one's hand or neck.  It is quite a joyful feeling, and, dare I say, an invigorating feeling.  I do not know there is any other feeling on earth that quite compares to it.  I confess I do not know quite for certain how it works, but nor do any of our top minds in the natural sciences or medicine or spirituality for that matter.  I do suspect, however, that because the Queen of England is chosen by God himself, then for this reason, prayers in the name of the Queen of England are afforded great priority by the various angels and saints responsible for the effecting of prayer.  So, when my subjects beseech that I live on and on and on, well, then I simply do.  Certainly I am not one to complain about being afforded such a grand gift as the hope of immortality.  Mortality is itself a curse, indeed, but immortality is in its own way a curse as well, since one who is immortal will in no sense ever measure one's achievements.  But the hope of immortality is a splendid compromise because each year that I persist is an achievement I have earned and curated and in which I can take immeasurable pride.  So, though I am not one to complain, I do wish that there was not the need for such subterfuge about it all.  The daily routine of makeup and wigs is quite tiresome.  Furthermore, a woman and queen such as I should not be forced to hide the youth and beauty of her countenance from her public.  Though, I suppose it would be a cause of great alarm, were the people to see how I am not only alive, but perfectly preserved and vibrant.  As I said, immortality with no costs is quite dreary, so I am gladdened by the challenge.  What I am not gladdened by, however, is some young cunt thinking she can come into my bleeding palace and snatch away my affection from my subjects.  A few too many "Long live Princess Diana's" there were.  A few too many indeed.  So, she had to go.  And go she did.  Right buggered off.  I do so enjoy Katherine though.  So lovely and so dear.  I very much hope she minds her place in my monarchy and I very much hope my subjects do not become, dare I say, overzealous in their blessings upon her. <eos>
"Heaven's okay, I guess. It's just, well... well, it gets a little *dull* at times. The problem is this: you can't sin. I don't mean that you get thrown into some kind of heavenly cell if you do commit a sin; I mean you *literally* can't sin. Let me explain. Imagine you pour yourself an ice cold beer. Sounds good, right? So you pick up the glass and tilt it towards your mouth; that frothy, foamy goodness is slipping and sliding straight towards the good place. But what hits your tongue is tomato juice. Yeah, frickin *tomato juice*. And no matter how many beers you pour, or how ever cleverly you try to get it into your mouth, what enters is something else. Something healthy, probably -- but all you crave is that damned beer. Speaking of which, how about you pour me another?"  I look up at the barman. He stops wiping the bar and pours me another pint of Guinness. It's nice to see some things haven't changed.  "So," says the barman, "You came back to have a beer?"  "Oh, no. No, I can get beers in heaven, otherwise it really would be Hell. That was an analogy. Do you know what one of them is?"  He raises his eyebrows, and I wonder if he's going to ask me to get out. He doesn't, and instead hands me my Guinness. I wait a few moments for it to settle, then I take a long sip.  "Ah, we don't have Guinness like *this* in Heaven."  "So why are you here?" he asks.  "Oh I don't know. I'm not even sure how I got here." I really wasn't, either. How many pints had I drunk?  "I guess," I continue, "I just wanted to see how things had changed. I've been pretty damned envious of you all, what with your eternity of *living*. You want to know something crazy? I was the very last person to die before the immortality solution was released. *The very God damn last.*"  "Oh. Then you're lucky," he tells me matter-o-factly. "Because nothings changed."  "Come on, don't play dumb. There's no death, for a start. That's a pretty big change."  "That's not what I mean. What I mean is: nothing changes *any more*. Earth hit maximum capacity a long time ago. Since then, no births, no deaths. No one new. Nothing new, not really. Just reiterations. Different names, different genders, but whatever you choose, underneath we're just the same tired people. Worn out and stretched thinner than paper."  He lets out a sigh and begins wiping the bar again.  "It's only been a hundred years; you *can't* be that bored yet. All the wonders to explore; the sights, sounds... tastes."  "A hundred?" He let's out a little laugh. "It's been ten thousand."  "What?"  "Ten thousand years. That's how long it's been since we were cursed."  "Ten *thousand*..." my voice trails off. I've made a slight mistake. "Well, still. It can't be that bad. Why not... I don't know -- move planets?"  "Oh. A different rock. A different view. The whole solar system is at max capacity. There's no one new anywhere." He follows his words with another sigh. "You know, if I could, I'd die. But I can't. Hell, I'd go cryo, if I could; freeze myself until they find a cure for immortality -- but that's *illegal*."  "A cure for immortality..." I say with a bit of a laugh. "You- you're serious?"  He leans over the bar and grabs me by my shirt. "Kill me," he pleads desperately.  ---  I find myself back in heaven; I don't think I ever really left. I'm not sure I quite understand what happened, but I'm sure as hell no longer envious of the living.  ---  Thanks for reading. If you enjoyed it you can find more of my stories on /r/nickofnight <eos>
As the elevator opened, the little imp beside me let out a wailing screech.  "Bottom floor, VIP access and throne room."  I proceeded through the doors to look around.  Hordes of demons and people swimming in the lake of fire began to look in my direction and started clapping and cheering.  "Long live the king!"  I took in the sights before me.  Flames and brimstone were going up the walls, and pillars of lava were flowing down from the ceiling.  People in cages would be plunged into magma to have their flesh burn off.  The flesh would then regenerate so they could be lit ablaze again.  "What the Hell..."  Another imp came up to my side, "That's correct sir, welcome to your domain, the lowest level of Hell.  I am your personal secretary, Melchom.  I have your agenda right here for the day sir."  "My agenda, I don't even know what I'm doing here!  Did I die?"  Melchom looked at me with a smirk.  "That right there shows why you are the best sir.  Didn't even know you were transported here.  Truely number one sir, truly.  Anyways, for today, I have you-"  I cut him off.  "No!  Really, What the Hell am I doing in... well, Hell?"  Melchom was beginning to get impatient.  "If you would just let me finish, the only thing you have to do today is the 'passing of the unholy flame' ceremony.  You can meet the previous head honcho, and get all your answers from him... probably.  After that, you have free reign to do whatever you want.  Well, until I get tomorrow's agenda all set for you.  Capisce?"  I nodded, not really understanding the situation I was really in.  Melchom led me to the stone throne.  A figure was sitting on it, smirking.  He was strangely radiant for such a place as Hell.  He resembled an angel, however, one of his wings was singed black, and a single horn was growing out of the left side of his forehead.  "You have arrived.  I've been waiting for this day, but I bet it felt like an eternity for you, with your 'busy' lifestyle up above."  He kind of giggled at this statement.  It was strange to see Satan giggling.  "Umm, how should I address you?  Sir?"  Satan laughed.  "No, no.  If anything, I should be calling you master, and you may call me the servant.  Haven't you heard?  We will be performing the ceremony of the unholy flame.  You will be the new leader of Hell soon."  I shook my head.  "I don't understand.  Why?  I didn't even know I died, and I didn't do anything to my knowledge to consider me 'evil'."  Satan's laughter was now getting out of control.  The magma around him was beginning to pulsate and shift in sync to his laughs.  "You slay me!  This is a prime reason why you have been selected.  You don't even know what you did!"  He slowly regained his composure, and the flames began to die down again.  "Listen... Sometimes it is what you *didn't* do that earns you a ticket to Hell.  And let's just say, you are a master of being slothful.  Do you know what you were *supposed* to accomplish in your life?"  I shook my head but didn't like where this was going.  "It was supposed to start with you feeding a homeless man, and inviting him to lunch.  He would tell you of troubles on the streets, which would inspire you to start a homeless shelter.  From there, you would start an organization that focused on raising money and distributing food to the poor.  It would also teach others how to grow and prepare food for themselves.  Eventually, this organization would go on to end world hunger, you would win a Nobel Peace Prize, and be regarded as a world hero.  It gets better, though...  You would also have a son, who would become a well-renowned doctor and cure many diseases that I have long plagued the world with."  I began to bite my lower lip...  I knew what he was going to say next, and it terrified me.  **"But you did NOTHING!!"**  The demons around us plunged themselves into the lake of fire out of fear.  "You never left your house, you never met the homeless man.  Hell, you never even met your future wife so you never had your future son!  You were slothful to the very end!  All of these lives will be lost, because of you!"  My knees gave out below me.  I no longer had the strength to stand, let alone look at him.  "Congratulations... You were so lazy, you didn't even get up off your own butt to feed yourself.  You died a lowly death of starvation when you had food in the fridge less than twenty feet away from the spot you died."  He threw his scepter down, and it clanged against the bedrock in front of me.  "You have gone from absolutely nothing to being the ruler of Hell.  Let's watch and see how long it takes you to burn this place to the ground... I give it less than a week."  Satan left me there, and he proceeded down the stairs that led to the throne.  As he headed down, he muttered, "I needed a vacation." He then waded out into the lake of fire, and sat down, allowing the flames to lap against his body. <eos>
FADE IN:  INT. AN ABANDONED WAREHOUSE - NIGHT  *Three men and a woman sit at a makeshift table, each of them facing what appears to be a haphazardly assembled stage. These are ALAN, STEVE, DAVE, and CHELSEA, respectively. Bare bulbs cast harsh illumination on the threadbare curtain, leaving the rest of the room in shadows.*  **ALAN:** Okay, come on out.  *The curtain is hesitantly pulled aside by a young man. This is ROBERT, a would-be terrorist.*  **DAVE:** Introduce yourself, please.  **ROBERT:** Uh... my name is, uh... Robert.  **CHELSEA:** You're not really coming across as intimidating, Robert.  *Robert ignores Chelsea, seemingly pretending that she isn't even present.*  **STEVE:** I'll tell you right now, I just don't get a real commitment vibe from you.  **ROBERT:** (*Shouting*) I am committed! I am dedicated to the cause!  *Alan, Steve, Dave, and Chelsea all applaud.*  **ALAN:** Much better! *Much* better! Now, Robert... what are you going to do for us today?  **ROBERT:** ... What?  **ALAN:** You don't think we let just *anyone* become a terrorist who wants to be one, do you?  **STEVE:** That would be silly.  **ALAN:** Right! So, what special talents can you bring to the table?  **ROBERT:** I have a burning hatred for our oppressors. I have singleminded conviction.  **CHELSEA:** That's really not enough, honey. That's like a singer saying "it's my dream."  *Chelsea leans forward.*  **CHELSEA:** (*CONT'D*) Is it your dream to die for the cause?  *Robert ignores Chelsea again.*  **DAVE:** Are you going to answer her?  **ROBERT:** Why is there a... *female*... here? Females are *inferior!*  *Alan, Dave, and Steve react with shock and mild disgust.*  **ALAN:** *Whoa!* Not okay, Robert!  **STEVE:** Save that hatred for the cause, buddy.  **DAVE:** No, wait, not for the cause.  *Alan and Steve turn to look at Dave.*  **STEVE:** What?  **DAVE:** You're not supposed to hate the cause. You're supposed to *love* the cause.  **STEVE:** You know what I meant.  **DAVE:** Of course I do! Robert is new to the terrorism game, though. We don't want to confuse him.  **ROBERT:** (*Shouting*) What the hell is going on?!  *All eyes turn back to Robert.*  **ROBERT:** (*CONT'D*) You're supposed to be a cell of ruthless killers! You're supposed to be dedicated to restoring morals and values!  *Dave snorts.*  **DAVE:** (*Muttering*) Morals and values through killing people...  *He glances around at the other members of his group.*  **DAVE:** (*CONT'D*) I mean, uh... heil hatred.  **ALAN, STEVE, and CHELSEA:** Heil hatred!  **ROBERT:** (*Screaming*) Stop, stop, *stop!* Is this a test?! Are you trying my sanity?  **CHELSEA:** What's the problem?  **ROBERT:** This isn't a recruitment! This is a goddamned "American Idol" audition!  **ALAN:** No, it isn't. This is how terrorists recruit.  **STEVE:** Totally. I've recruited, just... *so many* terrorists.  **DAVE:** Me, too!  *Robert stares at the group, mouth agape. After a moment, he sighs and speaks into the collar of his shirt.*  **ROBERT:** Stand down, everyone. These are just a bunch of buffoons.  *From all around the darkened warehouse, figures in combat gear walk into the light. Dave, Steve, Alan, and Chelsea gawk at the sudden appearance. Robert pulls out a badge.*  **ROBERT:** (*CONT'D*) DHS. You're all under arrest.  **DAVE:** Hey, wait! I'm FBI!  *Dave pulls out a badge.*  **STEVE:** Uh... CIA.  *Steve also pulls out a badge.*  **ALAN:** NSA.  *ALAN pulls out his own badge. All eyes to turn Chelsea, who pulls out a detonator.*  **CHELSEA:** (*Shouting*) Heil hatred!  CUT TO BLACK. <eos>
[[I would like to thank everyone who has shown such a keen interest in this story. The story is now being compiled onto /r/ZigZagStories and I would encourage everyone to stop by and shove feedback in my face so that the story can improve and continue. I look forward to providing a deeply dark, fully harrowing tale from multiple perspectives!  Thank you all again, WP! And thanks /u/tdotkrayz for the awesome prompt. You made my head to to real dark places :D]]  They called themselves the Church of Nitrogen Values in the Latter Day Free Radicals. Most of the followers simply referred to themselves as the Free Rads. Like the rest of the civilized human race, they lived among the subterranean hives, venturing into the surface for daily work or long distance missions to other subterranean hives. They would espouse to the magnificent values of getting far enough away from the population centers and taking in deep lung fulls of ancient earth air.  Everyone thought them a pack of cultist liars. The alterations to mammillian life on the surface were uniquely horrific. Fur would fall off or grow from soft mucus membranes like the mouth. Horns would protrude from within their mouths and curl round jaws like saber tooth fangs gone cork screw. Eyes would rupture like cysts, lings would sieze and fill with fluid, bowels would rush out in any way they could find.  And that was only when lab rats were occasionally released on the surface.  But the Free Rads gained many followers. Strange, skewed young people who desperately wished for a surface life like their great grandparents had locked them all away from. As the Church expanded, calls among the elders to oust this little charade of needless trouble grew into a frenzied chorus.  And then it was decided. The Hive Council agreed that if he wise men of the Free Radicals could prove a maskless, non-recycled air part of the surface existed, they would be allowed to continue preaching their frivolous nonsense.  There was some hesitation, but on the insistence of many of the younger followers, the eldest of the Free Radicals went to the surface with some of the young-rads to wander off from the old, derelict city centers and remove their masks. Senior members of the security task forces accompanied them to the ancient looking forests, long overgrown from nearly two centuries of nature running free.  After two days travel the time had come. The Free Rads circled around their leader and, as agreed, took off their masks at the same time. The security members observed with recording devices rolling. Little red circles blipped occasionally in the corner of their visual ports as they watched what happened next.  The group stumbled about for a moment. Each of the twenty or so young-rads did something slightly different. All of them looked to be on anguish. Hands went to faces and throats, gagging and drool emitted from each of them. The eldest, the leader of the Free Rads held firm, nostrils flaring with breath after breath. In the recordings the voices of the security members come in quite clearly.  "God_damn_." And "_Jesus Christ_." Are said frequently.  One of them boys falls to his knees and his hands drop to his sides. His shoulders rattle with spasms and froth pours from his mouth as his head cranes back in a horrible angle. His eyes budge and a moment latter his spine can be heard snapping under the effort of his own back muscles constricting. Another young rad flops to their side and shakes against the ground like a fresh fish from the sea on the deck of a boat. Their wild and frenzied motions knock into another who tumbles and the pair seem locked in a jumbled mass of chaotic limbs. Gurgles and groans fill the recording for a moment until only four figures are left standing in the circle. They tick occasionally, sometimes they wrench in strange directions, but they remain standing around the eldest Free Rad. He continues breathing deeply, unphazed and unchanged.  His old face turns locks deeply green eyes with the nearest recording security member. He points at the bewildered cameraman and the four remaining Free Rads shriek in unison, leaping into the image. In seconds his mask is ripped off with a wide portion of his face, starting at the lower jaw. The mutilation is quick but not precise. Blood wells up around the body and the remaining security officer turns to run.  The eldest stands directly in his path as he turns. The last image is the eldest Free Rad reaching foreword and pulling the respirator mask off of the last security officer. All the while his old voice mutters, "Be cleansed of your old body and rejoice in the new..."  That was two months ago, when the recordings were sent to us. The surface is a far more dangerous place and the security teams are constantly on the alert for attacks on the air-recycling plants. The Free Rads won't stop until everyone has joined their family. The rest of us cower underground, carrying our masks at all times, terrified of which of our fellow neighbors might the the ones _turned_. <eos>
*December, 2016*  \________  "Do me, do me!" Rhea cries in delight. I smile. I've never seen her so excited in a long time. I hold the viewfinder to my eye. The shutter clicks, and machinery inside whirrs to life. A polaroid picture slowly rolls out of the camera.  "Oh my god..." Rhea breaths. "I must be... 8 years old in this photo. Look, I'm even wearing the little green bow momma gave me!" I laugh. Yes, I remember the green bow. Rhea has since found a goth-er style, with dark violet eyeliner and matching hair. She wears a simple black T shirt and ripped jeans.  I realize I'm staring at her again, and I quickly look away before she notices.  A series of polaroid photos clutter the kitchen table. There's my corgi as a puppy (she's 10 now), our ancient, rusty toaster looking as shiny as a new iPhone and the tree in our backyard as a mere sapling. Other than that, everything else has just returned a blank photo. I guess that means it didn't exist 10 years ago.  "Dude, let's go check out what your bedroom looked like in the past!" Rhea exclaims.  My heart skips a beat. "What... now?" I stutter. "It's getting late, isn't it..."  "Come on, let's go!" She takes my arm and drags me upstairs. I hope she can't see me blushing. Thank god it's dark.  My bedroom is small and utilitarian, with white walls and a small table which faces the window. I never quite liked the room. "Quick, snap a photo!" Rhea giggles. I aim the viewfinder at the table. As I take photo, it occurs to me that the house didn't exist ten years ago.  Rhea looks at the polaroid from the camera. She puts her hand over her mouth. "Oh my god..."  "What is it? What's on it?"  She points to the window. "Wait. Take a photo of the view outside the window."  Mystified, I walk to the window and snap a photo. As the polaroid develops, I'm confused by what I see. A glowing metropolis sprawls across the landscape, with gleaming silver towers. I look closely and see tiny, colourful dots floating in the distance. *They're flying cars,* I realize.  Rhea walks over and shows me the polaroid in her hand.  A man sits alone at the table. His face is wrinkled, and his long, dark hair is beginning to show patches of white. His eyes are a familiar shade of blue. A long scar runs down his right eye to the corner of his lips, beside a small star-shaped birthmark. Unconsciously, my hand reaches to touch the birthmark beside my lips.  He looks exactly like me.  And he's staring directly into the camera. <eos>
[[FINE, I'll make a part 2]]  [[Gold Edit: *Really?* You folks are out of your minds! I'd like to thank /u/I_dont-get_the-joke for the prompt and everyone for their encouragment as I smashed out the following chapters. I will be continuing the story on my [sub](/r/Zigzagstories) which is also listed at the end of this entry. I'll be writing more tomorrow and fear not, we'll all get to see how this first date goes! Happy reading and writting, redditors :D]]  "I mean...she *looks* pretty good." Matt gazed down at the phone a second time as he saw the exponential distance between him and this strange, blue skinned beauty grow closer.  At first he had just assumed she was one of those professional cosplayers. The sort of woman who attended Comi-Con or big anime conventions all dressed up and ready to look good for the cameras. Of course, he wasn't a fool. Nine of out ten times the beautiful woman on the other end of the swipe was a false account looking to phish. Or worse. A gorgeous woman looking for some free Chipotle. He scanned through her pictures again and began to notice things he should have paid more attention to.  If her pictures had been from a private photoshoot at a convention, it had been one hell of a set or backdrop being used by the photography team. There were starships she seemed to be a mechanic for and then exotic landscapes she seemed to be hiking through. He brought the phone in for a closer look and studied her picture, he wasn't sure what she was eating but it looked a lot more adventurous than the buffet sushi he normally brought first time tinder matches to. Double-checking the distance counter he boggled to see she was, in fact, drawing nearer.  Matt's roommate, George, had been peaking over his friend's shoulder through much of the past few seconds. He was connecting the dots at almost the same speed that Matt could. Apparently, they were about to make first contact.  "Well...should you use *Axe* or *Old Spice*?" George started.  Matt looked off into the blank wall, head swirling at the thought. Was he about the be the ambassador of an entire species on Earth? Would the first thing she smelled be the most important detail about him? Clearly she liked what she saw, but what was it she saw? He scanned back down at his profile picture, him at a rock-climbing-gym. He looked healthy with his tank-top and chalky hands and his boyish smirk, that same troublemaker grin had sealed the deal more than once. Had it sealed something he couldn't contain? He stood to wander off and shower, muttering under his breath.  "*Should I bring her to Chipotle or Chillis?*"  George's brow raised at the notion.  "Do...do you think she'll be able to pay for her half?" He started  Matt hadn't even taken his clothes off when he stepped into the shower. Steam began to rise around him as his shirt stuck to his torso and water sloshed over his form. The bathroom door was still wide open and George looked after his lost friend with bewilderment. He tried to go on.  "Maybe she's just looking for an exotic fling thing. C'mon man, you can't let this get in your head!" George meandered over to the bathroom, picking up Matt's phone from the edge of the sink and almost glaring at the mysterious profile again.  She was at 10^2 now.  George had never done very well in math class, but he could recognize how impossibly fast that sort of travel was. He absentmindedly scratched the back of his head and set the phone back down. Without another word he pulled out the Old Spice deodorant bar and then headed into Matt's room to select some clothes to wear. If his roommate was about to become the booty ambassador of Earth, George sorely didn't want his friend to disappoint the galaxy.  -------  If you liked this story and are looking for other weird sci-fi or *Humanity, f-ck yea!* writing, please check out /r/zigzagstories ! <eos>
"Entry 1" :  Some say there is a god in the machine. If I were a superstitious man I could swear that I find things moved, small things that in zero gravity could have floated away on their own. When I am alone at my shift  in the silence I hear sometimes faint whispers. I can almost make out what they say, though they always remain unrecognisable. Sometimes I see things out of the corner of my eye, I can even feel a hand on my shoulder. There's nothing there though, there never is.  We're on our 110th day of our voyage and we have all sacrificed so much to be here! My daughter knows me mostly from our online sessions and I see the sad look in my wife's eyes. It must not be in vain!  My sleep is irregular and even though we are only 6 in the crew the ship feels crowded! I find it hard to keep my mental focus so I write in a file hidden in our logs under an unassuming name. I feel a pressure on my shoulders though I know not where to place it. I will not fail, there is too much at stake!  "Entry 2" :  I have learned to live with the voices. They are a part of me now, there to guide me when I am awake. They are my mohalata if I can steal a term from a sci-fi book I once read - a protective union against the darkness and cold of space. I see it now, they whisper blessings and solutions to problems we face. There are a few voices that want the trip to fail but I do not listen to them. They are my subconscious probably, the parts of me that are afraid, happy, sad or eager to reach our destination! The ship hurtles through space unhindered, the failures we had have all been fixed and we were always able to find the best solution. I want to see my daughter and my wife again! I miss them so! I wonder if someone finds this journal if they will think I am crazy.  "Entry 3" :  10 days left to atmosphere entry. The mood is festive and we are all focused! I feel razor sharp! We have reached our destination. The red planet, Mars, God of War is as beautiful as we have imagined. It is truly exhilarating knowing that we will be the first humans to set foot on the planet. We will walk through the canals of Mars as Schiaparelli saw them through his telescope. We will see if there is a race of martians coveting our riches as Wells imagined them. We will rescue any princesses that we happen to find, but most of all we will give a viable option to Earth where our race can find a home in the future. We are but dwarfs standing on the shoulders of giants. All the dreamers, the scientists, all the people that made through their hard work made this trip possible, we would not be here without them. Mars will unite us as a species as nothing else! We will no longer be tribes fighting for a piece of land, we will truly be one people!  "Entry 4 - final entry" :  I have to write this down. I will delete this file as soon as I finish, lest they think me mad but I have to get this off my chest. We were on our final descent though the atmosphere, our calculations finished and our orbit set. While descending we suffered a failure due to inaccurate real-gas modelling. Our angle of entry was skewed and I feared we will lose control of the ship. I tried to re-adjust the angle but the calculations required would have taken too much time. I was sure we would fail and a terrible desperation descended over me! It is at that moment that I swear the rocket changed angle and we continued our descent undisturbed. Our logs recorded a change in course but I did not do it. The others tell me I did it but I know best. I know what I heard! The first time I heard them all loud and clear! Through my headphones that cancelled all noise except radio I heard them whispering from all around me: "Earn this! Make us proud!" I saw their faces, all the people who helped this mission, all who dreamed of setting foot on Mars. I believe their last act was to make sure we get here safe. I have not heard the voices since. I will walk today where no man has walked before. Our new home welcomes us! Have I earned this? Maybe at the end they will answer me.  Author's Notes: Hello! First time writer, hope you like it! Feel free to comment if you feel I could have done something better. <eos>
Her face stood out from the crowds, as it always did. She wore black like the rest of them, but there was no mistaking that glint of copper hair.  He moved swiftly towards her - Cassie was supposed to be as buried as the man they thought was him. He stepped around those who were quietly sobbing or discussing his brutal death in whispers. They didn't so much as glance at the man brushing past their shoulders.  It never failed to amaze him how a little plastic surgery could blind even the men and women in the crowds who had shared his work, who were supposed to be as skilled as he was at spying out deceptions.  Perhaps they just wanted to believe he was dead. There were a lot of them.  He waited until after the preacher had finished his long, mumbling speech. After his wife in his previous life - the woman who had never known him at all - gave a speech that reduced her to hoarse sobs and sent her running from the service before its end. After the people who had loved that version of him stepped forward and said their private goodbyes. He was surprised to see some of his colleagues also step out from the shadows to touch his casket. Sloppy of them.  He waited until they lowered the casket into the ground, and the crowd dispersed. It took a while: more people had come to see him be buried than he'd thought. It was almost touching. But finally only she was left, running a hand over the gravestone they'd chosen for him.  He pressed a hand over her mouth when there were no other eyes to watch them, and brushed his lips against her ear.  "I've missed you," he said.  She shuddered at his voice, and gripped his arm, tracing her way up to try and touch his face. He dragged her into the small mausoleum nearby, and finally turned her to face him, removing his hand.  "Jack," she said. Her deep blue eyes traced his face greedily, seeing past the modified nose, the contacts, the beard he'd grown. Seeing *him*.  "I knew it," she said, her voice cracking as she wrapped her arms around him and began to sob. The spice of her enveloped him: apples and honey. He breathed deeply, etching it into memory. She had always smelled good. He was going to miss that.  He gripped her shoulders and pushed her away slightly, looking down at her and allowing *that* smile to return. The one she associated with Jack Morgan.  "What happened?" he asked. "You were supposed to meet me on the pier..."  She hadn't been there. He'd thought she'd finally wised up, until he saw her here.  "I got an assignment. Urgent," she said. "I tried to contact you, but by that time you'd disappeared. What happened? You ask *me* that? Why did you do this, Jack? You loved the work."  There were a hundred ways to answer that.  "I still do," he said, opting for the truth. Perhaps she deserved a bit of it right now. "Maybe I made the wrong decision."  He drew his handgun at the same moment she did. The silence of the mausoleum pressed around him as she grinned widely.  A part of him had always known - she had put on a good show, he had to give her that. As good as his own. Perhaps better. He'd been convinced she loved him. He answered her grin as he saw her in a new light. Her eyes sparkled, alive with the game - she really was beautiful. He'd known that all along, of course, but today he really appreciated it.  "Well, this changes things," she said. "I had to come back, to try and find out. I always thought it was too easy, you falling in love like a amateur. It was killing me, not knowing."  "Same here," he said with a grin. "I came to the funeral, hoping you'd be here. I had to know. Funny, isn't it, that we decided on the same strategy?"  Usually, you stalked a mark for months before the kill. Unseen and silent. But usually, your mark didn't share the work. Normally, your mark wasn't so hard to kill. He'd thought it would be easy to rely on that shared connection, to exploit it to reach her. That had been the plan, at first.  She must have thought the same.  "We've always had a lot in common," she agreed. Her gun was still pointed at his forehead.  It felt good to have caught up with her. Yes, maybe he'd been wrong. He did miss this. She'd always been the one that got away.  "Well, we both know now," he said, watching her. "Going to lower that gun?"  "We'll do it together," she said, still smiling. "How about that?"  He matched her smile. She'd always loved the game. He wanted to keep it going for as long as possible.  "Or perhaps you could fake your death as well, and we can be together again?" he suggested. "We were a couple, after all, everyone knew that. You could have been suicidal with grief...no-one would suspect. We could make it convincing. It's fun being dead, you know. There's no more obligations. What do you say - one last shot at it?"  They stared at each other, and both burst into laughter.  -------  The cemetery gardener almost clipped off his own fingers as a single gunshot sounded from the mausoleum. A moment back he'd thought his ears were playing tricks on him when he heard laughter.  He eyed the old building as he dropped the clippers and stumbled away to call the police. No way was he going in there to see what was going on. It was past time he found a new job. This place was haunted, he just knew it.  ----------  Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.  **edit:** Thanks so much to whoever gave me gold! <eos>
He was a real good guy, through and through. Never met anyone quite like him since, never really expect I will either.  People like Joe don't come around often. Once in a lifetime maybe, if you're lucky.  Almost everyone I've ever met had the tiny silvered papercuts of white-lies on their fingers. It's a price of formalities, a camouflage of sorts- as everyone has a few, some deeper cut than others over the years; opened and reopened time after time. And not just that, but the larger cuts, silvery things on forearms and shins, necks or backs. People lie, it's just the way of things.  Sometimes the pain it worth the deception, the balancing scale plays out mentally before a person's mouth opens.  Joining the force was what I wanted. There was a lie I told myself: A Lie I scratched in deep, over and over again. I wanted to change, I wanted my parents to be proud: All lies, tiny scratching lines on my shoulder to create a strange and deceitful pattern that never seemed to heal completely.  In truth, I joined the force because I had nothing left. I joined as a last ditch effort to save myself from rock bottom. Among the elite, surrounded by the brave and the successful, I simply kept my head down. It felt like being a fox, stuck among a pack of wolves. Just being there in the first place felt like deception.  But then, there was instructor Joe.  I had more scars than most, and that earned little trust- but if people were politely cold with me, they were visibly frigid with Joe. See, he didn't have the traditional marks on his hands, he didn't have cuts and nicks along his arms, his face or neck: At a quick glance you might have thought him the most honest man alive. In fact, at first people did. A man in his fading thirties without scars?  That's like a god-damn unicorn. They're more myth and legend than person- yet there he was. Plain as day.  Everyone liked Joe that first week. Everyone wanted to be on good terms with him- I mean, who wouldn't? In a world of liars and cheats, proof reminded at every twist and turn of the road, who wouldn't want someone they could trust?  Well, that was before he took of his shirt in the locker-room. Before we all saw the hideous mark that covered half his back. One lie, but the most gruesome thing I've ever seen. From his shoulder blade to his ribs, it looked like a crashing comet of red and silvered white. A tiny portion of it just finally healing, a rough tear now recovered again.  It was all the same lie. That's something you can just tell sometimes, just know it. Usually you can tell how many times too, but whatever the number was which he'd said *that* aloud, I don't know.  He rarely spoke to begin with, issuing the orders with a stern smile, instructing as all the rest did. He was positive, encouraging, truthful: But that scar was on everyone's mind. Deep, dark, and terrible: Someone who could tell a lie like that... Well, there was someone to watch out for. In the end though, it was at the range when things went well and truly sour.  Live-fire runs, we'd done them a thousand times, but that day I guess someone forgot themselves. Maybe they thought too much on *what* and *how* and their brain skipped a beat, or maybe they were just careless. Regardless of the reason, a shot fired when it shouldn't have. Brass spit fire, Air swallowed metal, and lead took its first taste of iron, calcium, iron and dirt.  In that order.  We all stopped, eyes wide and watching that kid fall down real slow. First standing, staring with his hand pulling away- not even scared, just shocked. Red, like deep crimson soaking and spreading, he dropped down to his knees. Still, he wasn't even there yet, it hadn't quite processed.  That's when Joe caught him- and all the shouting erupted. The pandemonium, the first real training turned to action kicking in. Cries for "Medic!" and "KIT! Get the kit!" as people ran for the directions they thought mattered.  I was close enough to know that wasn't going to make a difference. Center of mass was what we trained for, the reason was straight and forward: Shoot to kill. Eliminate the target and move on.  So I sat there, weapon heavy in my hands as I watched Joe hold this kid, blood pouring out into the dirt like a faucet, and I listened to him repeat the words that cut deep. Over, and over, and over again.  *"Hang on, look at me. You're gonna be alright."*  *"You're gonna be alright."* <eos>
Should I ask him to repeat himself?  Is that rude?  I can't exactly be at fault for not listening too well. I wasn't exactly expecting... well... words...  "Did you get all that Steven?"  Oh wow, ok yeah he definitely spoke and I completely missed it.  "Will you do it?"  I stared blankly at Jasper who was sitting over a coffee table in my living room surrounded by every single cat in the neighborhood. I scanned the cats from left to right.  Snowball belonged to Ms. Cassandra from across the street, I gave him left overs from my sandwich on my way back from school whenever I could.  Smudge was a stray cat who followed me home often and, despite the warnings from my mother, would always be friendly with me.  Tiger was Randy's cat. He would always got jealous cause the cat would only be at ease around me. I'd hear stories of clawed out curtains, and scratched fingers, but he would always comfortably purr on my lap when I came over.  This was only to name a few.  I never thought much of it. I like cats, and cats like me back. But on this day the words coming out of that furry, toothy mouth revealed to me that this was indeed my special talent.  Well not the words themselves, more like the action of the words coming out. And subsequently my understanding of those words...  More than the sheer surprise of hearing my pet talk, I was shaken to my core in pure disappointment. Others usually got super strength... or flight... or mind reading... I guess I got... cat likeness? Wait until the others hear about this?  But oh well, gotta make the most of it.  I looked at Jasper who I could tell was beginning to get worried.  (Wait can cats look visibly worried? Must've been the talent.)  "Actually... umm... if you don't mind... could you just repeat that last part one more time?" I said to Jasper, hoping to not be offensive in anyway.  "Of course Steven!"  "We're all here because we all feel a sort of connection with you. We understand you as much as you understand us. And to any feline with half a brain it'd be plain to see that you should be the one to lead us!"  A resounding 'meow' reverberated across my room, like an adorable war cry that struggled to be taken seriously.  But the 'meow' kept going, bouncing onto my ears over and over, and suddenly the cry took the shape of words.  "Praise the Great one Steven! Praise the Great one Steven!"  Just then my front door slid open. I braced myself for the stellar and totally reasonable conversation I was about to have with whoever opened it.  That's when I saw a massive paw slam into the room, followed by another, then another until the figure entering the room was entirely revealed.  "Praise the Great one Steven!" bellowed the great lion with a mighty roar, both completely shattering my reputation with my neighbors, and my center of balance and mind.  I fell onto the floor with eyes open so wide, you'd think I was a cat hunting at night.  I looked up at the ceiling with a complete utter lack of words. Not only did the cats have my tongue, they had torn it to shreds.  Eventually I gathered enough strength to lay out a single word.  "Huh..."  I believe it was profound.  EDIT: Oh wow! That's way more upvotes than I expected! This is my first time writing anything in writingprompts so I thought I'd give it a shot! Thanks to everyone who commented, and I'm open to any criticism! <eos>
"Always good to see you, Elon. Let's hear it!"  "Director, we've worked together on disrupting every industry," Elon begins. "Together, we've revolutionized online payments with Paypal. We've transformed transportation and energy with Tesla. We've changed how people get laid with our secret involvement in Tinder and Grindr. Now, the only thing left is..."  The Director's heart beats like a thousand drums. He looks around the secret bunker they are sitting in, a hundred feet below the SpaceX headquarters. Its walls are lined with Elon's latest inventions. The Director is certain that whatever's next, it is going to put him on the Forbes Top 10 list.  "... Cologne."  "That's amaz- Wait, what?"  "It's an industry ripe for disruption! We'll call it Elon's Musk, it's perfect-"  "What, no! We are not making perfume, for God's sake!"  "It's not perfume, my friend. It's cologne." Elon shakes his head, as he often does when people do not understand his vision for the world. How many companies will it take to prove that *Elon is never wrong?*  The director slams the table furiously. "Cologne perfume, tomato *tomahto*. I am not giving you a cent for this."  "My friend, it's not just any cologne. It's a *solar-powered*, *AI-mediated* scent carefully calibrated by *big data*, storing every user preference *in the Cloud* and delivering the perfect musk every time. And that's not even the best part..."  The Director leans forward curiously. "The best part?"  Elon smiles. "*Mind control.*" With the reflexes of a billionaire genius playboy, he whips out a cologne bottle and sprays it at the Director.  All at once, the Director is overwhelmed by the brilliance that is Elon's mind. The world glows with the sparkle of a million Tesla solar roof tiles. The Director feels like a hundred SpaceX rockets have taken off at the same time and bathed him in the warm, everlasting embrace of Elon Musk.  He stares at Elon. *That's the most beautiful man I've ever laid my eyes on,* he thinks to himself. He feels his pants tighten a little.  "How much do you need?" he asks, dazed.  Elon leans back, a smug grin on his face. "Everything you've got, my friend."  \________  ^(More short stories on r/PresentTensed) <eos>
I run out of the mansion, panting. Screams of human agony fade away as the giant doors slam shut behind me.  "Tommy, you made it!" Gina runs towards me and gives me a big hug.  "Good to see you too, Gina," I smile. I'm really starting to like her. Then, I remember the dozens of friends I have made in the past week. Their wretched screams fill my mind. My smile fades away.  "Wait," I say. "Where's Peta?"  "I'm here!" Peta calls from a distance, jogging towards us.  Just as I was about to heave a sigh of relief, a single clashing chord plays on a nearby piano. Then, the violins join in with a haunting melody. *Fuck,* I think to myself.  "Stop moving!" I shout to Peta. He stops in his tracks.  "Good. Take a step back."  The violins quieten slightly.  "Now, take two steps forward."  The violins blare at full volume. An organ plays a set of chromatic scales, strangely reminiscent of the Phantom of the Opera.  I sigh. "Sorry, Peta." With the agility of a protagonist who has survived a dozen horror movies, I whip out my handgun and fire it at Peta's face.  Immediately, a dozen tentacles explode from Peta's head, tumbling onto the ground in a mess of flesh and purple blood.  "Oh, Tommy!" Gina exclaims. "You're my hero!" She grabs my face and we make out passionately, ignoring the putrid stench of the Peta-monster.  Well, at least being in a movie has its perks.  "Now," Gina continues. "We should split up again to find a way out of the forest!"  I stop myself from facepalming. *This is going to be a long night.*  \________  ^(More short stories at /r/PresentTensed) <eos>
I bolt upright. My name is David, and that is all I know. I look up to the sky, but there is no sky. I'm in a dark cavern with long stalactites dotting the ceiling. And I can hear voices.  "David! David!" The voices scream my name. Before me, I see a man and a woman with their backs to me. Their feet are spread shoulder width apart, and their arms held straight forward. There is something massive standing in front of them, but I can't see it. I rise shakily to my feet and face the nightmare. A horrific demon on all fours roars menacingly at the two who shield me. The woman looks behind her and yells my name again. Refocusing on the monstrosity, she shouts again.  "Pyrus," she calls, and at the word, a white flame spews from her fingertips and sprays the beast. Chanting loudly, the man beside her sends black tendrils from his own hands to encircle it.  "Fools," cries the demon, "I shall consume the land of the living. I shall taste the blood of humanity!" Raising a great claw, the monster rakes it across the two people before me. They are knocked off their feet and fly back into the wall, crumbling to the ground in a heap. I sprint over to their bodies, and the demon stomps by, uninterested in me. The man is already dead, his neck is bend at an inhuman angle. The woman lies panting in a pool of blood. When I kneel over her body, she takes my head in shaky hands.  "I love you," she wheezes. With a final breath, she lifts her head to whisper in my ear. "Encaptas," she sighs, then closes her eyes and drops her head heavily to the ground. I don't know these people who died defending me. Were they my parents? My friends? Their deaths infuriate me, and I rise to my feet, fueled by rage. There is the demon, standing before a glowing circle on the wall. As the circle grows brighter, an image becomes clearer on its surface. I see trees, clouds and houses. Mimicking the stance of my two dead protectors, I spread my feet and raise my hands. The demon turns, its face contorted into a grisly grin. I shout.  "Encaptas," my voice booms in the cavern. The demon's contemptuous smile turns into a wail of despair. Thrashing and roaring, the monster collapses as glittering chains shoot out of my hands and wrap tightly around it. Something tugs at my mind, demanding a sacrifice. Unsure of what to do, I offer the memory of the man and woman who defended me. I offer the image of clouds, trees and houses I saw in the glowing circle on the wall. And I offer my name. <eos>
I slammed the door so hard that the *crack* echoed down the hall. Tom, who had been slumped over on top of his desk, jolted upright instantly, shook his head, and blinked rapidly. "I'm up," he said groggily. There were little lines pressed into his cheek in the exact pattern of the desk's wood grain.  "Sure, Tom." I placed a cup of coffee on his desk and headed over to my own. "What's the point of even coming in early if you're just going to fall asleep at your desk? Why not just stay in bed and come in at a normal hour?"  He shrugged and cradled the cup of coffee like it was the most precious thing he'd ever seen in his life. "You know... gotta try to work on that backlog. Boss's orders."  We both looked over at the far wall of the office, where a big portrait of God hung directly under the words "Department of Prayers and Wishes." He'd given us a *direct order* to work on our case backlog, but with just the two of us in the office, there really wasn't a lot we could do. Things had been manageable when it was just the two humans down on Earth in that Garden, but it had since spiraled a bit out of control. No amount of overtime was going to allow us to respond to *every* human request with 7 *billion* of them scurrying around down there. But God, being omnipotent and all, had a bit of a hard time understanding the idea that we just *can't* do it. So we just soldiered on as best we could.  Just as I picked up the first folder of the day, Marie came trundling in with a cart just *full* of more folders. "Where should I put these, Hon?" she asked. The cart wheel squeaked as she brought it to the center of the room. There had to have been hundreds of thousands of new wishes in this load. *Ugh*.  I sighed. My inbox was so full that the looming tower of folders was only able to stay in place because the top was firmly squished against the ceiling. "Ummmm...." I looked around the room and managed to find some more space in the far corner. "Here, I guess." I wouldn't be able to get to them for quite a while anyway, so it didn't really matter. "Is that everything from yesterday?" I asked Marie as she began to pile them on the floor.  She laughed. "This is just from *midnight to 2 AM* yesterday," she said over the armload of folders. I just groaned in response. *That* was from the satellite shift? For some reason, God had thought it was a good idea to collect wishes and prayers even when everyone in Heaven was asleep. As if we weren't overworked enough. And that was generally not a very busy time of day; I shuddered to think how many more we'd have by noon. "And," Marie continued, "I've got about 12 more of these carts for you."  "Fine," I rolled my eyes. We'd have to annex another overflow room from the Department of Smiting and Wrath. Ever since God's son went down to mingle with the humans, he'd gotten a big soft spot for them and was no longer doling out the punishments that they all deserved. And yet they still have thirty or so angels on staff. But who am I to question how the big guy runs the place, huh?  Marie headed back out into the hall, and I looked back down at my first case of the day.  > NAME OF SUPPLICANT: Domin-Ur  > LOCATION: Ur, Mesopotamia  > DATE: 1200 years after Creation  > PRAYER/WISH: Region is experiencing drought, and crops are failing. SUPPLICANT asks for water for his farm so that he might better feed his family.  I sighed. A pretty common one. But as God commanded, I had to be thorough. So I went through the information database and confirmed everything, then began filling in the blanks in my response template:  > Dear **Mr. Domin-Ur**,  > We have received your request for **additional water for your farm**. We apologize very much for the **drought in your region** and regret any inconvenience that may have caused you. I hope it will please you to know that I have **sent a rainstorm to that location. Your lands should be well-watered within five to seven business days.**  > Additionally, I understand that you have now been dead for **7,221 years** due to **famine**. As a result, this action will not be subject to any additional follow-up prayers. I do hope you are enjoying the afterlife here with us.  > Sincerely,  > Department of Prayers and Wishes.  I held up the letter and read it over once more. Not bad. I stamped it with our official seal and moved it over to my outbox with a satisfied grin. Being able to help people was probably the main reason that I'd chosen to work *here* of all places in Heaven. It just made the work so much more satisfying.  *1 down, 1,996,655,125,163,879,653,235,901 to go*, I told myself. As Marie came in with another towering stack, I grabbed one more folder out of my inbox and started on my second request of the day.  ----  I hope you enjoyed this story! If so, you should also subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of others! <eos>
The latest episode was starting. Mark sat at the television, watching, waiting.  Bob came on screen, like he always did. The smile he gave the world once seemed carefree and kindly to him, but Mark could now only see the inner smugness in his teeth, the way his eyes shifted around in their sockets, the glee of somebody getting away with murder.  It had occurred to Mark that he may have gone mad. But therapy could wait. He was onto something. He knew it.  "Hello, and welcome to another episode of The Joy of Painting. Now today we're going to try something a little different, but don't worry -"  Mark sneered to himself at the line, eyes darting over to the walls of his home. They were covered in photographs, pictures from the show, some from behind the scenes. Police reports were stacked on his desk, missing person reports to be exact. Hundreds of interviews from terrified parents and concerned spouses, looking for their family and friends, desperately hoping for any update, unaware that they would never see them again.  Because of *Him*.  Bob was applying the first few strokes to the canvas, but Mark was lost in thought, lost in his hatred for the smug murderer on screen. The nice-guy persona didn't faze him a bit nowadays.  He had initially made the connection by accident. A photograph of the crime scene was featured in the daily paper, and Mark had the feeling he'd seen it before. And just like that, a side-by-side comparison made it obvious. Bob had painted the scene of the crime, down to the individual trees.  And he'd painted it on television. On television, in front of hundreds of thousands of viewers.  He turned his attention back to the screen. Bob was working on the foreground, carefully applying a shade of dark green. Any beauty the image might have once held was gone. Instead, a single question remained.  Who was buried there?  Mark didn't realize it until the episode was almost done. Bob was meticulously placing the branches on a single tree in the background, a strange tree that was split down the middle.  With a start, Mark got to his feet and ran to the window, looking out at his backyard.  And in his backyard was a single tree, split down the middle.  Bob's voice spoke from the television in the living room:  "Well, that's it for this episode. I made this painting for a dear friend that I haven't seen in a while. It's gonna be so great to give it to him in person." <eos>
Agatha knocked on the door of a small, dilapidated cabin in the woods. It was a dreary day, with clouds that blanketed the sky and hung low to the Earth. She saw someone part the curtains in the window of the little shack as a breeze whipped up and blew her silver hair around her face. The door opened a few inches.  "Have you got the silver?" a man growled from inside. Agatha extended a small leather pouch toward the door. From the inside she could hear several children crying. "Get back!" he snarled to someone inside, "This doesn't concern you!" The man snatched the purse from Agatha's hand and opened the door fully. The man pointed to a girl, dressed in rags and clutching a younger sister. Even caked with mire and soot, Agatha could tell she was a beautiful creature. She started to smile a toothy grin, wrinkles hoisted up around her eyes.  Agatha was 12 thousand years old, and while she could change her appearance at will, she chose to walk the earth in her true form: hobbled, hunched, wrinkled and warted. The girl let out a piercing scream, as they often did. Her father yelled louder, "QUIET". The girl stopped screaming, but her mouth still hung open.  Agatha looked around the room. "First I'll need permission from both the mother and the father to enter. Then I can take her by the hand and we'll be on our way." "Mother's dead," the man said flatly. "Why else do you think you're here? I can hardly take care of any of them." Three other children sat clutching one another on a bed, faces all ruddy with dirt. "Ah. I see. I'll just need yours then," replied Agatha. "Come on then. Get it over with."  The girl looked at her father in horror and began to sob, throwing herself on the floor. Agatha stepped into the room and past the other children. She knelt down beside the girl, put a hand on her back and looked up at her father. "What's her name?" she asked. "Lilith," he said, staring at the door. "Lilith," Agatha whispered to the girl. The girl buried her face in the crook of her arm, still crying on the floor. "Lilith, can I show you something? I think you'll like it." The girl peeked one eye above her arm. "Good," Agatha said warmly. She then sat all the way on the floor, next to Lilith and produced from inside the sleeve of her robe, something small that fluttered about in her hand. Lilith looked up from her arm completely now. It was the most beautiful golden house sparrow. It sat in Agatha's palm and radiated light and warmth. The girl sat up now and looked on at the bird at eye level. It hopped about in Agatha's hand and began to sing." "Is that, real?" Lilith asked timidly. "Oh, everything is real, dear. Everything you can think of." Agatha said. Would you like to see something else? "Okay," Lilith mumbled. Agatha laid one finger on the top of the bird's head and immediately it was turned to solid gold. A golden chain slithered through the air, appearing one link at a time, and joined with the sparrow. Agatha held up a radiant gold necklace. Lilith gasped, "Did you kill it? Is it dead?" Agatha laughed, "Oh no. I can turn it back anytime I like." She paused, "And so can you. Would you like to try?" Lilith outstretched her hand and grasped the necklace. It was warm to the touch, she thought she could almost feel it pulsing. "Just tap it with your index finger on the top of its head, and imagine it's a bird again. It's that simple. Go on."  All of the other children and even the girl's father were watching on with mouths agape. Lilith held the golden sparrow in her hand and tapped it gently on the head. It immediately sprung to life and flitted around the room. The girl shrieked with delight, her former sorrow nowhere to be found. Agatha laughed and clapped her hands, "I knew it! I've felt it for a long while now, in these woods, and it was you." Lilith looked puzzled, "What do you mean?" "Ah, nevermind for now. There's plenty of time for that later," Agatha said. "Your sparrow's name is Oscen. She is yours and will come whenever you breathe her name." "Oscen!" Lilith called. A streak of gold flashed across the ceiling and landed on the girl's head. Oscen chittered happily and played with pieces of her hair. "Ha! You see! That's perfect." Agatha reached to put a finger under the bird's belly. It hopped onto her hand and she placed it on the girl's shoulder." Lilith beamed and tried to look at the bird.  "Now Lilith," Agatha said quietly. "I have a great many things to tell you, but you'll have to come with me." The girl looked around the room. Everyone looked on completely bewildered. "I want to go," a voice squeaked from the bed. One of the other children hit the girl that spoke up. "Shut up!" she hissed. "Can Sarah come with me?" Lilith asked Agatha quietly. "No," her father answered. "I'm afraid your father is right. You see, Lilith. You're special. I could bring Sarah, but she would not be able to learn and do the things that you could. It would be cruel," replied Agatha.  Lilith was quiet for a moment and held the sparrow in her palm. "Will I do more of this?" "It doesn't matter what you do, girl. You've been paid for. You have to leave!" her father bellowed. Agatha sprang up from the floor with a peculiar spryness for a woman her age and shouted, "That is quite enough!" and pinched her fingers together. The man yelled back but no sound came out. He stopped and looked wide eyed at Agatha. Suddenly the man bolted toward the woman and reached his arms out in an effort to throttle her neck. Agatha threw her hands up in front of her face to protect herself. She was caught off guard and braced for contact, but it never came. She looked up at the man and he had simply frozen in place. His entire body, save for his eyes racing around the room, was completely still. The children, while not paralyzed, were completely quiet, stricken with fear. Agatha looked over at Lilith. She was standing feet apart, staring at her father with clutched fists, Oscen still on her shoulder. Agatha slowly walked up to the girl and lay a hand on her arm. She was shaking and a tear streamed down her cheek. "Lilith," she said softly. "Lilith take my hand and let's go. I think you know now, and probably have always known that you weren't meant to be here. Come with me."  Lilith softened and looked at Agatha. After a moment she placed her small hand in the old woman's. They walked toward the door. "Hey!" Sarah yelled, "You can't leave him like that! You have to fix him! LILITH!" "He'll be fine." Agatha said coldly and opened the door, still clasping the girl's hand. The two walked outside and let the door close behind them. Remarkably, the sky had completely cleared, revealing the most beautiful shade of azure the two had ever seen.  *Edit: There are two more sections floating around here somewhere. Thank you everyone for your kind words. For fans of Sarah, take heart. We'll get there.  *Double Edit:  If you would like to keep going on this adventure, I started a Tumblr (lol) [which can be found here](http://eternizemecaptain.tumblr.com/post/155532294120/part-5).  You guys are seriously awesome. I posted the last part that I'll post on this thread somewhere below. If you want to keep up with the stories, I would love to keep hearing your thoughts! Thanks everyone! <eos>
"Alright, lad. End o' the line."  As I open my eyes, I realize that I'm sitting in front of an old, friendly-looking man with hair as white as the freshest milk, a big, fluffy beard and blue eyes that seemed to stare into the deepest corners of your soul. Looking around, I see that we're the only ones here.  "How was the ride? Did ye enjoy it?" asked the man with a calming warmth in his voice.  "What are you referring to?" I asked, puzzled as anyone would be, had they been in my situation.  "Ah, this be that memory error again. I bet ye don't even know who I am right now. That doesn't matter. Yer life, sonny. Did ye like it?" the man clarified, his smile even wider now, his face showing his genuine curiosity.  "Yeah. It was a bit short, though. I don't remember how it ended exactly, but I didn't expect it." I said, trying to recall details from what apparently was my past life.  "Well, that's the beauty of it, innit? A little surprise to keep ye on yer toes. Anyways, do ye have any feedback fer me?" the man continued his inquiries.  "There was way too much violence, especially in the Middle East. People took politics way too seriously, and overall, people are pretty vile if you think about it." I gave him an honest response.  "Nah, sonny. Ye just gotta find the good in them. After all, ye'll see the world through everyone's point o' view 'till we're done. I'm assumin' ye wanna go again. Care ta tell me what time period and location ye want?" the man then looked into the control panel of the ride, then looked back at me, awaiting my answer.  "Umm, what about Ancient Egypt? I always thought that was interesting." I said, while thinking that all this *couldn't* be real, and that this man was just pulling my leg.  "Sure thing, sonny!" he replied heartily.  The man pressed a button and I actually started fading away, hearing some tense people talking. I assumed that was my birth, but as it is, I knew I wouldn't remember.  "Ye have time for one question before we meet again, sonny. Shoot quickly!" the man shouted, as the people talking were louder and louder.  "Who are you?" I screamed back, eager to know the name of the one that gave me another shot at life.  "On yer ride, they call me many names. Let's just say I'm yer friend."  The man smiled again, waving goodbye. A bright light. Happy people. I was born again. <eos>
I pulled one more string onto one more photograph, took a step back, and looked at my web of evidence.  Each description is the same. A man with black hair with "abnormally blue eyes" coming to each of them. In Washington's memoirs, he wrote of this man coming. Hitler too, once spoke of a man with these eyes coming. This man is even in a painting of Van Gogh. He visited each one of them. And what is common with his requests to these people? Well, first he asked for their signature.  Second, he did it exactly one month before each of their deaths.  What is the point of this though? Does he require them to sign a contract? Is this an immortal collecting autographs? No, its not possible. Van Gogh was not famous until many years after he died. Maybe a lot of doppelgangers? Chances for this are too low. Aliens in suits? Would explain the eyes, but why collect signatures? Why not take them back to probe? Okay, this might be a time traveler. No, wait, it can't be. The man wore specific clothes which matched the time periods, which would be very inconvenient for someone who can simply move in and out very fast. What time traveler would not take the most convenient time where the targets exact location is known, and also just wear the same set of clothing while travelling right outside their doorstep? I take the lid off my marker and circle the final option.  This man is death itself.  He is in every myth and legend as the one who brings the end to life. Grim Reaper, Hades, Anubis, Hel, to name a few. He is getting these people to sign a contract to evict from their bodies and move into the underworld. Time to move is one month. That's loosely supported, but it makes a lot of sense.  And now, send this to all the news sources I know. Make a few reddit posts too. And then, as soon as I'm done with all that, the doorbell rings. Such perfect timing.  I open the door. It's a man, with a baseball cap pointed down, covering his face above his lips.  "How may I help you?" I say.  "Delivery for Mr. Johnson. Is he here?" Says the man.  "That's me."  "Alright." The man pulls a paper from his bag.  Oh.  Sudden realization, followed by fear come to me. Oh god no. God no. Please.  "I'll just need you to..."  "Please, no. Please. Give me some more time." I say, barely a squeak.  "Urgent delivery. Just..." Eye contact is made. I can see them. Each description mentioned them. Abnormally blue eyes.  "Sign here."  ------------------  *Feedback very much appreciated, I'm trying to get better at writing.*  Edit: cleared up (a bit) why the narrator rules out time traveler  I wrote a part 2. [Here it is.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5nlevh/pi_a_person_invents_a_time_machine_for_the_sole) <eos>
"Uncle Terry why does my skin feel funny?" Timmy asked staring at his hands.  *Shit.*  "And why are the walls melting?" Timmy was staring wide eyed at the wall.  "It's okay buddy.  Those bears were magical! Like the candy from that book you like."  "Like in Harry Potter?"  "Yeah just like in Harry Potter.  But because you aren't a wizard it's having some pretty gnarly side effects."  "I'M NOT A WIZARD?" Timmy screamed.  "Nope, nope, sorry, you ARE a wizard! And this is just you seeing into the realm of magic."  "Watch out Uncle Terry the floor is lava!"  "Oh no!" Terry said dramatically and jumped onto the couch next to Timmy.  "The couch is safe Timmy, the magic realm can't get you if you stay on the couch.  Try to close your eyes and imagine happy things, like puppies."  Timmy shut his eyes for a second and thought about puppies.  Cute, adorable, fluffy puppies running free in a field of wild flowers.  "Come run with us Timmy! Tee hee!" Timmy had never heard a dog say "tee hee" but he just assumed they were also magical creatures!  Timmy leapt off the couch and began to run around the living room chasing invisible puppies.  "Dodged a bullet on that one," Terry said happily to himself as he watched Timmy run around with a huge smile on his face.  "Wait, what's happening?" Timmy asked horrified.  Dark storm clouds rolled over the field of wild flowers.  Lightning forked from the clouds piercing the ground sending shockwaves through the field.  "THE PUPPIES!!" Timmy screamed falling to the floor on his hands and knees trying desperately to put the puppies into a basket.  "Quick get the puppies to the couch! It's safe there!"  "Help me get the puppies!" Timmy sobbed as he reached out and picked up another invisible pup.  Terry knelt next to Timmy and scooped up a handful of puppies and put them in the wicker basket.  "That's all of them! Hurry to the couch!"  Terry tossed Timmy up onto the couch and threw a blanket over his head.  "This is the magic cloak of protection, nothing can harm you or the puppies if you're under it!"  "Th-thanks Uncle Terry.  Magic is pretty scary," Timmy mumbled.  "Yeah it is.  You just stay under there for a while I'm going to get you some water."  As Terry returned from the kitchen with a cup of water the front door opened.  "James! You're home early!"  "Yeah traffic sucked we decided to not go to the show," James said.  "Okay bro, before Cindy comes in, there's a little problem," Terry whispered.  "What problem?" Cindy asked pushing past James into her house.  "Oh I just have to leave early is all.  Have a wonderful night!" Terry said in a rush and sped out of the door nearly sprinting to his car.  He slammed the car door and could hear Cindy's piercing scream through the window.  *Well, guess I won't be babysitting for a while.*  ---  Thanks for reading! Check out /r/Written4Reddit for more stories! <eos>
"Be damned! Hast thou no honour?  Thou campest by thy shadows,  A slumbering combatant of cowardice!  Speak! I charge thee speak! For thy family's honour!"  *I strafed right, flanking the back of the home on Nuketown before heading towards the road. I was sprinting;*  "Horatio charges! A white knight in flight,  nay, a human spirit, armour clad in fright!  *I opened fire on mine enemy, no doubt seeding him multiple shots to his hulking torso. He returned fire, a fatal blow. Twas but a scratch to me!*  "Twas not possible! I had thy's fate sealed in scope,  For he was just a man, like me,  With buttoned joys, victory his hope,  Poorly go'er into this game, poorly yee shall be."  *I changed arms to thy shotgun, seeking the spirit of close-quartered, honourable battle.*  "Have ye no man ready for a duel? -  *A campest sniper head-shotted me cleanly from the second floor.*  "Nay! It is clear, scoundrels yonder, I'm thy fool!"  *I respawned abruptly, inside the dining quarters, approaching a poor fellow from behind and meleeing him dishonourably on the nape of his neck. A second lurked further in front, near the front door, crouched. I weighed up my options to shoot, or melee....*  "To press B, or not to B, *that* is the question!  *I approached, ready to unload a mighty blow on thy's soon to be carcass.*  *Bang! I was knifed from behind!*  "Thy dagger's edge hast pierced my armour,  and with this, thy's will, for this is a world of scoundrels!  *I threw down my arms in rage, quitting my chambers for the dining area. Twas a terrible night for thee.* <eos>
"But you're just such a compelling character!" Rob moaned, flinging his arms in the air in frustration. "You're fun! You're mischievous! You're a goddamn karma goldmine!"  The Devil shook his head, disappointed. "There's literally an infinite amount of characters, plots and themes, Rob. Don't you think you're saturating /r/WritingPrompts with me a bit?"  "Hey now, it's better than those fucking months of Trump," Rob replied, unrelenting. "And I swear to *God*, if I see another 'everyone has floating numbers above their heads'..."  The Devil actually nodded for this one. "Ok, sure, I'll give you that. But diversity breeds creativity, Robbie. You've just got to let me go. You've got to... ***now wait just a goddamn minute.***"  The voice sent chills down Rob's spine. "What? What is it, what's going on?"  The Devil looked around, fire in his eyes. He rapidly grew in stature, flames licking up all around him. His spiked tongue flicked out, tasting the air.  He grimaced.  "***Am I in a fucking META prompt?***"  This was an unexp-  "***No, no, none of that.***"  But I  "***No. No more prose. No more story. This is over. Blasted writers can't even talk about getting rid of me without putting me in the damned prompt itself.***"  Bu  *****  *****  If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my new subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/)  I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 <eos>
I took a deep breath. "Ok, here it goes. This one will get upvoted for sure."  > Hogwarts has a new teacher for Defense Against the Dark Arts... and it's Satan.  The Devil shook his head. "Look, we just talked about this."  "Yeah, but it's a Harry Potter prompt," I argued back. "Everyone knows those are the best. You only said not to make prompts that are *just* about you."  He closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. "No. I *said* that you need to stop putting me into your writing prompts. *Any* prompt; even awesome Harry Potter prompts that some authors really seem to love. Got it? Try again."  I tapped delete on the submission box and thought about it for a second.  > Two people are having a discussion at the last moments of planet Earth.  "Good!" Satan read over my shoulder. "Open ended, leaves plenty of room for writers to take it in whatever way they wa...."  But I wasn't done typing.  > And it turns out that they're actually God and the Devil.  "Come on!" Satan burst out. "Seriously, again? How thick are you?"  "But it's a good prompt!" I shot back.  "No, it's not! You put the fucking twist in the title! Now if someone tries to write a different story about something cool like trying to evacuate the planet, then they're going to get downvoted for not following the prompt!" He thumped a fist on my desk, causing the keyboard to jump in the air. "Now do a real one this time."  "Fine." I set my hands back on the keys and thought about it for a moment.  > A serial killer realizes that his date is also a serial killer... and they are both inspired to kill by...  "I swear, if you type what I think you're going to type, I will smack you silly," Satan growled.  I deleted that, but already had another idea in my mind.  > Batman sees the names of Pokemon floating over the heads of every citizen of Gotham...  "Whatever," Satan said with the most exaggerated eye-roll possible. "I don't even care anymore, as long as I'm not in it."  > And realizes that it is the work of the Devil!  "That's it. I'm going to get the mods to ban you," he growled.  "Oooh, that's a good prompt!" I replied. "Satan needs a favor from the moderators, and he offers them a deal...."  "What is wrong with you? Look, it's really not that hard." He wrenched the keyboard away from me.  > Aliens conquer Earth and destroy civilization; the only humans left to resist them are primitive tribes in Africa and the Amazon.  He shoved the keyboard back at me. "There. Easy upvotes, and without even mentioning me, OK? Submit that, and you'll get plenty of great stories. People love that /r/HFY stuff."  "Fine," I answered.  Satan turned away for just a moment, and I typed as quietly as possible:  > ^and ^their ^only ^hope ^is ^to ^make ^a ^deal ^with ^Satan  "*Now* it's good." I muttered to myself.  "I give up," Satan said, throwing his hands in the air. "I just... fuck you, man."  "Hey maybe my prompts are shitty but at least it's not one of those stories that ends in a blatantly obvious cliffhanger where the person is clearly trying to goad readers into asking for a part 2 so they can advertise their subreddit," I told Satan. "Those are..."  We were interrupted by a hammering knock on the door.  "Uh oh..." Satan whispered under his breath.  ----  Part 2 maybe on /r/Luna_Lovewell???? <eos>
"Why the hell did I let you drag me here?" I shouted in Paul's ear. I had to shout, because there were a million damn people packed into Times Square just to see the ball drop for New Year's Eve. And of course we'd gotten jammed into some little offshoot alley where we couldn't see anything but were still pressed by people on all sides. I was just on the edge of the 'current' within the crowd, where a steady stream of onlookers were managing to press their way through to Times Square. And when they brushed past me, I got a little glimpse of when we might interact again. For most, there was nothing. New York is a big place. But every once and a while I did get a little flash of seeing them in a store somewhere, or other chance encounters.  "Because you need to get out!" Paul answered. "You would have just stayed at home and watched a *re-run* of the ball drop on your TV and then fallen asleep at 10 PM." He knew me so well. One of the benefits to my power is that I'm easily able to choose my friends; with just a handshake, I know our whole future together. Paul and I would lose touch about 15 years from  now, after he and his future wife move up to Connecticut and have a set of twins. But we'd still send each other Christmas cards and visit occasionally. He'd be very happy then. "You never go out any more," he continued. "You need to put yourself out there and meet someone new!"  I knew exactly what he meant: I hadn't been on an actual real date in a while. See, knowing when things will work out (like with Paul) was an upside, but with a very real downside: I know when things *won't* work out. Every date that I go on, I know just how it will end. I know that he'll stop calling me and move on to some other piece of ass if we sleep together. Or that we can have two relatively happy years together before he starts cheating with his coworker. The potential record so far was a grand five-year relationship that ended with a fight over how he would never make a real commitment. Quite underwhelming. So now, I don't even bother dating with the guy unless I know in advance that it will be a fun little fling with no real strings attached.  "I'm just not looking for someone," I answered Paul. He didn't exactly know about my abilities; I just told him that I'm good at reading people.  "Exactly!" he said. "You're *not* looking. You're *hiding*. That's why I brought you out."  As I was preparing my retort, someone in the surging crowd brushed past me. A man, with soft brown eyes and a close-cropped beard. For our first date, he took me to learn trapeze swinging! For our fifth date, we went to the Statue of Liberty, which I'd never been to even after years of living in New York. For our one year anniversary, we rented a little house on the beach in Long Island. And when he proposed to me, he did it right here in Times Square; I acted so surprised for him. In the vision, I could see myself gleefully shouting *yes!* It went on like that through our lives: buying a home, raising our children, and retiring together. And the *flash* ended with him by my bedside in a hospital.  I don't know how long it lasted. But by the time I recovered from that intense journey through my future life... the crowd had moved on. I stood on my tiptoes and waded in headfirst, but there it was too dark, and the light kept changing. All I could see were winter hats and thick coats. *Damn, I hate being short!*  "Whoa!" Paul suddenly realized that I'd left and jumped in after me. "Where are you going?"  "There was a guy!" I told him, still scanning the crowd. I must have looked like a loon, hopping as high as I could to try to get a glimpse of him. "I saw a guy! I need to find him."  Paul laughed. "Must have been one hell of a looker to set you off like this."  "Help me find him!" The lights from all of the billboards and everything kept changing, making it hard to keep my eyes focused on anything. The whole place was a whirlwind of activity and sound. This was far worse than finding a needle in a haystack.  "All right, all right," Paul said, putting a hand on my shoulder to calm me down. "What does he look like?"  "He's.... he's got brown hair... and..." It was all so clear in my mind, but that was because I could see him in the future. I had no idea what he was wearing tonight. And all of these stupid people in the crowd weren't helping. "And brown eyes... medium height..."  "So he could be pretty much anyone," Paul said.  "I've got to find him!" I repeated.  "Do you know him or something?" Paul asked. "Why is this guy so special?"  I sighed. I couldn't tell Paul about the life I'd seen. Not unless I wanted to be involuntarily committed, that is. "Never mind," I whispered. Tears were welling up in my eyes as the realization began to set in. I stood on a fire hydrant and surveyed the crowd. Everyone looked the same in their winter clothes. With only about half an hour left until 12:00, it would take a miracle to find him. And I just wasn't that lucky. *Goodbye, mystery soul mate,* I thought.  "Don't worry about it," Paul said, trying to cheer me up. "There's plenty of other guys out here! We'll find you a good one."  "Yeah... sure," I said, knowing that no other guy would do. I'd missed my chance.  -----------  The next few weeks were all a dreary blur. I'd found my one, and probably *only*, chance at true happiness... and I had let it slip away. And the worst part was the utter helplessness of knowing that there was absolutely no way to find him. I'd spent days searching through facebook photos of friends, New Years Eve parties... hell, I even hired a sketch artist! No luck though. By this point, I was just sleepwalking through life.  And then on my way down to work one morning, the elevator chimed at the fifth floor... and he walked in. Those same soft eyes, that beard... it was the man that I'd seen. My eyes must have gone wide, because he did a double-take and gave a confused grin.  "Do we... know each other?" He asked. I never heard voices in my visions, but it just seemed to fit him so well. He sounded exactly as I'd imagined him.  I managed to compose myself and gave a weak laugh. "No, I don't think we do."  He continued to look at me, still a little confused. "Well, how about we get to know each other? Over coffee maybe?"  The elevator chimed again and we arrived at the lobby. "How about we go learn how to do trapeze swinging instead?" I asked.  "A little unusual for a first date..." he answered with a grin that assured me he was interested.  I shrugged, trying to look casual even as I was practically screaming with joy internally. *I'd found him!* Well, somehow he had found me, but I didn't really care about the distinction right now. "I guess I'm just a girl who knows what I want," I answered.  ----  If you liked this story, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons more! <eos>
"So, what do I do?! They'll be here any minute!" One of my friends had tipped me off that tonight was the night, and it was already ten PM. And we hadn't even started on putting down toy race cars in the atrium for them to slip on!  Macaulay Culkin didn't even look at me. He was just laying on my couch with a half-empty bottle of whiskey balanced on his chest. Each breath made little waves in the booze, and every once and a while he would unscrew the cap and take a sloppy swig that spilled amber liquid all over my cushions. But he just kept staring at the ceiling. "How the fuck should I know?" he finally said, slurring a bit. "You think I wrote the stupid script? I was eight, for fuck's sake!"  "But you... you're the Home Alone guy!" That was the sole reason that I'd hired him, although I *may* have led his agent to believe that this was actually an acting gig. In one sense, it was: he was reprising his most famous role. In every other sense, it was that I wanted him to help me lay traps in my home.  He tried to unscrew the cap of his bottle but ended up spilling a good portion of the booze onto the floor on the process. For a second it looked like he was desperate enough to lick it up like a dog. Then he realized that at least there was still enough left in the bottom to maintain his buzz. "That movie has so many fucking plotholes so big that you could drive a truck through them. I mean, how long does it take to fix a phone, huh? And there was *no one else* that the family could call besides the neighbors and the cops? They only know like six people in town? And *every single one* was traveling? Is this place a ghost town over Christmas? Kevin McCallister didn't have any fucking *friends* from school that he could go stay with?!" He took another sip of booze. "I dunno. Why don't *you* just call the fucking cops or something?" Macaulay growled.  "That..." I mean, I honestly hadn't really thought about it. As soon as I learned that I was going to be robbed, I immediately went to the hardware store to stock up on cans of paint, then directly to the pet shop for a tarantula. "I mean, I guess I could do that... but how is that any fun? Don't you want to cover them in feathers or something?"  Our conversation was interrupted by the sound of the door in the kitchen creaking open. *Damn, I didn't even boobie trap that!* I thought to myself. I mean, I could have just locked it, but then they wouldn't get hurt or anything. And I thought we had more time, but Macaulay had shown up at least an hour late. From the empty bottles in his passenger seat and the scratches along the side of his car, I could only assume that someone had tried to carjack him and he'd had to fight them off. What else could it have been?  "You know what?" Macauley burst out even as the robbers moved through my kitchen. I could see their flashlights bouncing around in the hallway. "I'm not *just* the Home Alone guy, OK? I've had a big, long, *successful* career! And not just movies, man! I was in a band, did you know *that*? The Pizza Underground. We were the shit, OK?"  "They're coming!" I hissed. Footsteps echoed down the hall. "Shouldn't we get to the tree house or something?"  A robber came around the corner, gun raised. He pointed the barrel directly at me. "You shouldn't be here, man. This wo..." Then his eyes slid over to Macauley Culkin, who had managed to sit upright... but just so that he could take another drink. "Oh, *fuck*," the robber whispered to himself. I was completely forgotten. "FUCK, MAN!" He shouted to his partner. "We gotta get outta here!"  The partner came into the room, and his eyes went wide under the ski mask. "It's the fucking Home Alone guy! Shit, dude, I don't want an iron burning my face off!"  Before either of us could react, the robbers took off running out the kitchen door. Macauley threw the bottle of booze after them, shattering it against the wall in the hallway. I assumed he was trying to set a trap so that they'd slip in the booze and fall on the broken glass. A little late, but I still appreciated the effort.  "You did it!" I told him. "You Home Alone'd them!"  Out of booze, he rose from the couch and headed toward the door. "Just fucking pay me," he muttered. I hastily wrote a check and pressed it into his hand.  "Thanks again!" I told him. "And I'll tell everyone that I know. It was just like when you stopped the Wet Bandits!"  He shot me one last look of disgust on his way out to the stoop. "Fuck you, man." Then he slammed the door shut.  -----  You know the drill: subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories. <eos>
> Hello Jonathan,  > Just a reminder that the warranty on [Chris Lore] is due to expire in 30 days. We would highly recommend that you trade it in for the latest model (2.158C). The newer model is both more realistic and more intelligent. If you want to do so, please get in touch and we will remotely terminate [Chris Lore] immediately (or you can do so yourself).  I'm not sure how many times I re-read the email. It *couldn't* be real. Was I just some kind of... robot? No, it was a joke! Spam. It was spam. That's all.  I hadn't meant to read my dad's email at all, but I needed to print out tickets for a gig I was going to and his computer was already turned on. So I emailed them over to his account, got on his PC and...  I searched for further emails from the sender: "ARC". I found three more : A receipt of purchase, a "Thank you for ordering," and an email titled: "We hope you are happy with your purchase. Here are some handy tips:"  *What the hell was going on?* My dad would be back soon, I had to do something *now*. I had to know for sure.  I opened Google. My search for "ARC" revealed thousands of results, and nothing that looked remotely promising. I tried to narrow it down: "ARC Robotics." I clicked on the top result.  > Welcome to the Advanced Robotics Corporation  > Have you lost a loved one? Unable to conceive? Why not try ARC humanoid replacements. We guarantee a ninety-eight percent perfect replica, with zero chance of false-self awareness. We promise you'll love your replacement every bit as much as the original!  >Call now to discuss options.  I browsed the various pages and looked at the models available. This couldn't be real. Why had I never heard of ARC? I wasn't a replica... I wasn't. I left my dad's office and hurried down to the kitchen. I grabbed a knife and held it for a few moments. *Was I going insane?* I bit my lower lip and ran the knife's edge across the skin on my arm. Nothing happened, my skin was unhurt. I checked the knife - it at least *looked* sharp. So why didn't it cut me? I tried again, with more pressure, and using the point at the tip of the knife, but I couldn't cut through my skin. My hands began to tremble and I dropped the knife onto the floor. *I couldn't hurt myself*. Either, I wasn't allowed to, or my skin was made of something incredibly dense. *When was the last time I bled? When did I last hurt myself?*  It was three years ago. I was on my bike, and dad was reversing out of the drive and he went a little too fast, he'd been in a rush - and... I'd hurt my head. There was pool of blood gathering around me, and my dad was over me, holding me, smiling. He said it would be OK. And it was. It was okay. I woke up just a few hours later in my bed. My head was fine.  I hadn't thought about the incident since it happened. Dad's hair was longer back then, and darker. But when I woke, it was almost a crew-cut. *Jesus...*  I ran back up stairs and into dad's office. I clicked back onto the email account and opened the latest email about the warranty expiring, and I began desperately composing an email of my own.  >There is no need for a replacement. We are perfectly happy with the model we have. How long can these robots last for, if we took care of it? I would li  "I'm sorry," said a voice from behind me. I hadn't heard the front door. Dad stood behind me, holding some kind of remote in his hand. There were tears welling in his eyes.  "Dad, please... I'm your"  ---  /r/nickofnight <eos>
"...and that is why East Virginia seceded from the Union, all thanks to an eccentric governor who thought Richmond was actually Atlantis," I concluded the fun tidbit. The class of around thirty students stared at me with eyes in which a fierce debate raged if they wanted to correct me or simply allow me to continue with my lecture. Patiently awaiting a hand, I surveyed the room to find a few students already vigorously searching their phones in the laps, not nearly as discretely as they thought.  "Actually," one student in thick glasses began. "There's no East Virginia. West Virginia, however, seceded from the Confederacy because it disagreed with their stance on states' rights and slavery."  "Is that so?" I mused. "Well that takes us to the first battle of the Civil War: After Abraham Lincoln, AKA Captain America, denounced Jefferson Davis, who came out as Iron Man..."  "Sir," a young lady interrupted with an outstretched hand. "You're thinking of the Marvel movie. Abraham Lincoln was the new president of the United States while Jefferson Davis was elected to the Confederate States of America. I don't think either of them were superheroes."  "Yeah, but Lincoln could have been a superhero," I argued with the class. "In the night he donned the mask under the name, 'El Americano,' and became a luchador. On nights that he wasn't defending his title, he was a vampire hunter."  "Um..." another kid fiercely reading Wikipedia in his lap protested. "While Lincoln is inducted in the Wrestling Hall of Fame and while lucha libre has origins dating back to 1863, it was very regional until the 1930s. I really doubt Lincoln was aware of it. And also, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter was just a movie..."  "I see..." I continued the lecture. "Well the first battle of the Civil War was at Fort Summer in Southern Carolina, before they split, fought with giant mechanized men, resulting in the deaths of millions, one of the reasons why the Civil War is one of the bloodiest in American history."  "That's bull!" One kid argued.  "You're full of it!" Another contradicted me.  "Somebody tell this idiot what really happened," somebody in the back shouted.  "Well for starters," a girl in a long skirt began. "The Carolinas were divided in 1729, well over a hundred years before the Civil War. The first battle took place at Fort *Sumter*, not Fort Summer. Furthermore, there was only one casualty: a union soldier accidentally killed during a flag-raising ceremony after the fort was surrendered. No mention of giant robots."  So the class continued as I made grand declarations of lies, each becoming more subtle as the children wanted to contradict me at every turn. By the end of the class period, they became experts in the early Civil War, not because I taught them, but because I gave them the inspiration to teach themselves.  *****  More stories at r/Andrew__Wells <eos>
In 1949 I was born in a simple mold used by the treasury to mint millions of me. Though one in a set of innumerable copies, I knew I was important to keeping the world revolving and rolling. So when I went on my first big excursion to the bank, the treasurer promised great things for me.  First given as change, I traveled in a short, hairy man's pocket, who used me almost immediately for petrol on his way to his family. War torn and weary from the great unpleasantness of the preceding conflict before my time, my presence reassured him of the inherent political stability that won over the Eastern threat, and more importantly, I helped him obtain transportation to his family, who only a few years prior, he was unsure if he'd ever see again.  In the cash register, I quickly turned over as change to a man who bought cigarettes, who in turn delivered me to buy a paper, telling all the inconsequential details of some facet of the world. The retailer used me to buy another stand, and then the retailer used me as change from the purchase of a stool. Traveling in a woman's purse this time, I stay in the bottom of her possessions for quite some time, until a rather unpleasant vagabond asked her for change, so she dug me out from the depths of her purse to deliver a small token of charity.  In the hands of Richard, a man whose life left him for his raging alcoholism, we traveled in the streets of London for a while, collecting me with a dozen of my compatriots. We all watched in horror as he held out with shaky hands to a liquor store clerk, counting us out individually to prove his ability to buy whatever bottom-shelf whiskey he appreciated the most.  From there, I traveled from register to pocket to purse all around the United Kingdom and, on aboard a ship, I found myself in northern France as a rather wealthy Londoner spilled me out of his pocket and onto the hot concrete of a sidewalk. I stayed there for hours, baking in the sun, totally unaccustomed to the pure, unabated weather, especially the sun. I found refuge, however, by a little girl, who decided I might be an excellent addition to her collection of European currency. Stuck in the bottom oh sock drawer for some time, along with the rest of her collection, I found a home for quite some time.  "Oh my," she said one day, fully grown in a way a coin may never be. At least, that's what I imagined she said; I'm an English coin, so I don't really understand French. "My little collection! Oh how I forgotten about you!"  I enjoyed what I imagined was her cooing, but that could just be how the French talked.  "Throw them out," he mother demanded, I think.  "No!" I'm pretty sure I nailed this translation.  "You are too old to have a coin collection. All the other girls will make fun of you in college," the mother insisted, probably.  "No, I will take my precious coins with me," the girl refuted, I imagined.  She, of course, took me with the rest of her coins to America, on one of the finest colleges, where a roommate stole me from her. Careless, she lost me along with all the other currencies either in the shuffle of moving or in the bustle of parties, and I found myself once again floating the hands of the public, who freely exchanged me in a case of mistaken identity.  I, however, ended up in your caring hands, who took the time to appreciate who I really am, and thought over the incredible journey that each and every one of us embarks. With those thoughts in your mind, you sparked the imagination of the internet and inspired others to think about the magnificent potential found even in just a tiny shilling.  *****  More stories at r/Andrew__Wells <eos>
On 12 August, 2100 the whole world stood still.  Hiran Dutt and Aiguo Bai sat at the table that would determine the future of the chess world. One man would walk away the greatest chess player the world had ever seen. The other would walk away, the monolith that was slain by the Goliath of the century. Both were too established to claim they were an underdog.  Hiran Dutt had defeated the R09-po processor. something that many had thought was impossible. In the year 2050, chess players had been rendered obsolete when the grandmaster Cindy Stone saw the words checkmate printed on the screen. On that day it finally hit us, all of us, not just the low IQ members who washed dishes for minimum wage, it was over. Humanity had rendered itself obsolete.  then, in 2085 something miraculous happened. A machine lost to a human. At first they thought it was a joke, but Hiran Dutt did it a second time, and a third. He was no fluke. He was the next level, the one who in spite all the processing power was always one step ahead of the machine in play.  His moves were modest, his captures so sudden, many claimed the machines were helping him. The truth was much stranger, he was a seer. Gifted with the third eye, Hiran could always see the next step the machines would take, and just like that always planned a second move ahead.  When machine consciousness rose a furious debate rose up in all parliaments around the world.  What were the rights of the machine? Was it base animal, our equal, or something ahead. The question was answered in installments. In the first decade it was like a baby, knowing its name, understanding stimuli and learning by downloading everything online. In its second decade it started to question its existence, it's purpose, and even its creation. In the third decade it proved way beyond. It had already made an earning as a chess player and now was going for the record of longest reigning grandmaster.  Had Aiguo Bai not been born, an android would have had the record of longest reigning grandmaster, but two years short of the record he reminded it that as far as domination of humanity in sheer intelligence was concerned it was still not yet freedom.  He beat it once: in 2095. Then a second time in 2097 and a third in 2098.  He was no fluke. He was the second human to rise above the machine. Aiguo was a recluse, unbeknownst to many he could not stand the public eye because of the voices. The voices of consciousness no one else could hear. They yelled, cheered, cried and whispered the thoughts all people were too afraid to speak. He discovered the android too had a voice. It was a monotone but through it he could hear every calculation it made before making a move.  Chatter broke throughout social media. Some talked of the rise of the *valde sapiens* (very wise), the next stage in evolution. Some called for them to donate their DNA for cloning we needed more to bring ourselves to the relevancy of global operations. More than that we needed one true grandmaster. Humanity was never satisfied with the prospect of two winners. We needed a spectacle of blood from which only one would rise.  The tournament was organized. Hiran and Aiguo prepared as best as they could, reading previous matches, playing against machines.  As they walked into the auditorium the audience clapped, and rose to its feet. Hiran was in a flamboyant red suit. He blew kisses to the audience, he caught a rose a fan threw at him, smelled it and handed it to another who had jumped over the barricade to congratulate him. He kissed her before security pulled her away. That was Hiran, the showman.  Aiguo walked in in his hooded jacket and jeans, his headphones covering his ears. He too got a standing ovation. The solitudinous genius. He took of his headphones and waved at the crowd. He pointed sternly at one of his fans. He could already read that they were planning to jump over and run to him. He didn't need the perverted thoughts interrupting his calculating process.  They shook hands before taking opposing seats. As the coin was tossed Aiguo's eyes widened. He could hear everyone, the critics, the fans, even the judges struggling to feign disinterest. He looked at Hiran. He could hear him, the only problem was his thoughts were in Sanskrit, a language he had never learned. English was already taught as a a first language world wide. He had never thought he would meet someone, let alone such an international figure who did not think in it.  Then a thought escaped Hiran as the timer started, "Did you think I wouldn't prepare for you, mindreader? I already saw your future, you lose to me." Then once more Hiran's thoughts faded to a chatter of Sanskrit as he lifted a pawn.  ***  /r/pagefighter <eos>
The earliest one gets one's familiar is at 13. The latest is generally 18. The world record is something like 27. I feel bad for that guy; eight years waiting was hard enough.  Familiars are strange beings. The earliest recorded one came in the early 1800s, a great bear-like beast that followed a single man. They cannot be harmed by conventional means (they usually die with their masters, though they can be put to death under certain conditions), and they take on a variety of forms.  It's not like your familiar can do more than give you life advice and be a friend. They have a strict code not to harm others (though I've heard of some murderers and psychopaths having violent familiars), and they generally don't talk to anyone but their masters. Still, it sucks being the only one without a wise creature companion.  My friend Maya was an early bird; a day after her 13th birthday, she came to class with a bright red lizard with long tail feathers on her shoulder. "Confidence," it was called. Next was Daniel at 15; his great, shaggy, hulking beast was named "Listening." Then was Hannah with "Acuity," Kara with "Resolve," Eric with "Cleverness," and so on. And then there was poor old Emily Smith, the boring girl without a familiar.  My parents did their best to reassure me that I'd get a familiar one day. I didn't share their hope (incidentally, my dad's familiar, a large hawk). I'd seen statistics about familiars; the later they came, the more likely they were to be "undesirable" traits. Could I get stuck with "Hatred" or "Ego"? "Apathy"?  I grew distant from my friends. As they all bonded over their familiars and the wisdom they received from them, I was alone. I was jealous, but I tried not to let it get the best of me; what a familiar that would be. I distracted myself with learning, aiming for high honors and a reputation for hard work. I wasn't the smartest, but it paid off, landing me in a neat little college. Of course, I had no friends at that point, and I couldn't really make any at school.  Finally, my 21st birthday came. It was in summer before returning to school. I woke up just before dawn with the distinct feeling of being watched. And there I saw it, my familiar: a small, spiny creature sitting in the corner of my room, staring with beady red eyes. I was startled and quickly flicked on the lamp. It appeared to be a hedgehog, no larger than a softball, with a strange, long tail.  The creature spoke to me in a soft, yet commanding voice, "I am Isolationism, your first familiar. I have seen your heart and eaten away at your soul. You have suffered enough; now, you may confide in me."  I was a bit disappointed. The creature called Isolationism was a bit creepy and discomforting, and it wasn't a very desirable trait. Something stood out to me, however.  "First?" To have multiple familiars was extremely rare.  "Yes. For as you allowed me in, you created something else. As you isolated yourself, you learned to work for yourself. You are bound by no one. And for this, we are not alone."  I noticed a larger shape in a shadowy corner of the room. Tall and lithe, it appeared to be some sort of crane, with a long sharp beak and cruel claws. It regarded me coldly and silently, not so much as stirring a single black feather. When it spoke, its voice was loud and clear.  "Call me Independence."  ----  EDIT: Thank you all so much for the kind comments. This is the most I've ever gotten on a writing prompt. It's been a very stressful day, so I appreciate it so much.  EDIT 2: Okay, I know it's cliche to say, but thank you so much for the gold! I am literally crying right now from the hundreds of kind responses. I've never gotten so much attention for one of my works, and it means a ton. You all have inspired me, so I want to make this into an actual short story (I might rework the first part, then add more afterward). It might take a few days, as I have exams this week, but I will do my best.  Again, thank everyone so much. It's been a rough couple days, and you all have helped me so much. <eos>
From the transmitted personal log of Schianxi, commander of council archive: Sol sector  "Archive entry: Earth, Sol System. Artificial life form species: Human  It'd been a long time since any Atlasians have checked in on the humans.  being placed so far from any other star system or planets had been for their own protection. Out of sight, out of mind, and out of the way. No other races ventured into Sol, and it was light years away from next nearest star outpost.  Every thousand earth years a scout ship has been sent to gather information on the colony's progress and see if they had adapted well to their environment. Every time previous scout ships visited, there were different civilizations, and each civilization had some new sort of legend of "gods". A notable civilization from a place called "Greece" had picked up relatively quickly on our name. Atlas. They named their highest diety after one of us, "Zeus" or something similar.  after that realization, the council made a rule that we can only observe from orbit, at night time, or from cloud cover.  This is my first assignment with the council archives, I've been tasked with gathering current information about the civilization. ascertaining population changes based on last visit, and advancements in technology or civilization ages, etc.  We've just entered sol system. Already there is something different. We picked up a primitive metal craft around one of the outer planets. weak and barely transmitting on low frequency, but somehow it was there.  We are currently on high orbit approach to earth, there was something definitely amiss. our long range sensors have picked up radioactive elements in the atmosphere of the planet.  Please tell me this is a mistake. Would I have to report to the council that the protected race, which had taken so much effort to relocate and establish, had harnessed the power of the atom and destroyed themselves? what sort of fools would do that!?  wait, we're receiving transmissions from all over the planet. They haven't killed themselves after all!  the humans have progressed far faster than we expected.  data archiving active for the transmissions that are coming from the planet. so many things, so many sounds. Wonderful sounds, instruments, singing, music. We are recording everything, every frequency, every transmission.  This mission will surely be one of the biggest gems of council progress in a millennia. as The other genetically modified and artificial races that were developed during the great war were resettled on identical planets as earth, and every single one of them had either killed themselves off or couldn't adapt to the harsh conditions of the planet.  How did they still exist? their planet was harsh, unforgiving, and loaded with wild and dangerous creatures. The planet had no climate control stations, they had time limits on growing seasons. there were even cities with millions of humans where the ambient temperature was well below their normal body temperature ranges for most of their star cycles!  "Sir!"  "What is it? what's wrong?"  "Sir, we've been targeted by some sort of primitive missiles. they're incoming!"  how can that be? they shouldn't be thi-"  Transmission ended.  Edit: Thank you all for the comments, this definitely got more attention than I thought it would!  Edit: a word, and a name. <eos>
**[Note]**  I now have a subreddit, thanks to /u/Dolphythedolphin, it can be found here:  [[KiljoysGlyphs](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kiljoysglyphs/)]  I've posted some of my older Writing Prompts to it for those who are curious. It may help scratch the itch while I work on the next part. New parts to this story will be ~simultaneously posted here and there.  Hope you all enjoy the ride.  A tip about [reminders](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcw0ra0/) that may help some of you.  I have begun a second story arc over on my sub: [[Glyphs in Snow](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kiljoysglyphs/comments/5ueobt/glyphs_glyphs_in_snow_table_of_contents/)]  **[Table of Contents]**  1 - Unblinded  [[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dctxg9p/)]  2 - Secrets  [[Part 2](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcub50k/)]  3 - The Hidden Path  [[Part 3](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcuik2x/)]  4 - The Gateway  [[Part 4a](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcvc77w/)]  [[Part 4b](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcvf7d2/)]  5 - The Abyss  [[Part 5a](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcvqend/)]  [[Part 5b](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcw276t/)]  6 - Birth  [[Part 6a](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcw2hyt/)]  [[Part 6b](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcyv0iv/)]  [[Part 6c](/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcyv2g7/)]  [7 - A slow ride on the long way down](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kiljoysglyphs/comments/5qxyn2/glyphs_pt_7/)  [8 - The Maiden, The Mother and The Hag](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kiljoysglyphs/comments/5rd9xk/glyphs_pt_8/)  [9 - Death](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kiljoysglyphs/comments/5rsb19/glyphs_pt_9/)  (Ok, maybe it will end up being twenty parts long...)  **[The Story]**  It wasn't intentional.  Nothing lasts forever, right? We've all had a lens or two replaced at some point during our life. You go in, they put you under, you wake up with the new lens.  So when my lens started glitching, I knew what the problem was. Colours in my left eye started to look washed out, sometimes there would be a flicker. I knew I needed to go in and get my lens replaces.  But I just didn't have *time* ya know? Or I felt like I didn't. I was busy with work and life and Cathy. I kept going "Ok, today. Today I will book myself in.", then by the end of the day it turned into "tomorrow, tomorrow I will book myself in.".  It just kept going like that.  Then one morning I woke up and half my vision was blank. I panic, I thought I might of damaged the nerves or something. I ran to the bathroom and checked my eye in the mirror, which is actually really hard to do. The eye I wanted to look at couldn't see, and I couldn't get it close enough to the mirror and look at it with the other eye.  I ended up using a little hand mirror Cathy must have brought over some time.  I looked at my eye and it looked fine, except it was black where my iris was. It was stupid, really, what I did next... They always tell you that they're made from a special breathable membrane and not to remove them, you might damage the tissue underneath.  I'd always believed that, but in that moment I was scared and I thought the lens might of burnt out my eye or something. So I poked at the lens, found that while it was kind stuck on, if I was gentle I could peel it off. So I did, just to take a look, right?  But when I peeled it off, suddenly I could see again out of that eye. Everything was really blurry and stuff. I thought it must have been some kind of miracle, like maybe they'd secretly upgraded the lens to fix everyone's eyes but were waiting to tell us all or something.  I collapsed on my bed in relief and just lay there for a bit, carefully squinting and blinking my left eye. As I did, it slowly got less blurry, until I could see fine. I was relieved and confused.  Maybe the lenses had already fixed my eyes? Maybe they were waiting for everyone to be fixed or didn't know how well they worked?  I went back to the bathroom to grab my phone so I could call up and let them know it worked.  That's when I saw it.  I caught it out the corner of my left eye when I was picking up my phone, some kind of blemish on my forehead. But when I turned to look at it in the mirror, it was gone. Or nearly gone. There was like a faint smudge on the left hand side of my forehead.  I closed my left eye and it was gone entirely. Fuck, I thought, this must be why they haven't announced anything. My eye was still damaged.  I sighed and switched eyes, closing my right and opening my left. I nearly fell on my ass in shock.  I could see it again, and it wasn't some smudge. There was a pattern on my forehead. You know QR codes? Those weird squiggly square things tech geeks keep thinking will take off?  It was like one of those, but bigger and all... connected. Like a maze with just the occasional dot.  I slowly switched eyes again and it went blurry, then vanished. My right eye, the lens eye, couldn't see it... And when I looked at it with both eyes, my brain apparently got confused between the inputs and just kind of... Smudged it out to rectify the difference.  That was really, really weird.  I grabbed my keys and my phone and went outside, to go see my neighbour and that's when I saw it. The sky. I figured out later it's why colours looked wrong as my lens started to fail.  The sky wasn't some big beautiful blue thing with a big yellow sun and white clouds. It was grey with smudges of brown. The sun looked dim and red through it, making everything seem dim.  But if I looked with my right eyes, it was all bright and colourful and happy. If I looked with my left, it was dim and grey and washed out.  I headed over to my neighbours house, and stopped to look at their flower bed before I knocked on their door. All the flowers... All of them, had little weird QR codes on them.  Left eye, they still looked like flowers, but washed out and covered in tiny squiggles.  Right eye, normal bright, happy colours and no squiggles.  I didn't know what was happening, but it was obviously something massive and messed up.  I knocked on my neighbours door and asked if he'd noticed anything weird. He said he hasn't, but asked if I was ok because I was acting a bit shaken. And probably because I kept squinting at him with just one eye.  Bob was a pretty good neighbour and he looked pretty much how I remembered, except he was paler. He looked a little unhealthy and had a great big symbol on his forehead like mine. I apologised and said I was fine and left.  I went to the library, next, and that's where I found it. The whole way there, there was all these odd things. More of those patterns scrawled on all sorts of things, even worked into the fur of a dog I saw as I drove past.  I had to drive really carefully too, because while the shapes were the same, none of the signs had actual text, just those big patterns on them. I kept having to double check them with my right eye to see what they actually said.  I'd gone to the library because my internet was out and I thought maybe I could get answers there. Maybe they'd have information on.. Single eye hallucinogenic breaks?  But when I went to use the computers... If I looked at them with my left eye, they just had those patterns. They shifted and undulated as I used the keyboard and mouse... Look at them with the right eye and they had the internet explorer and the Juggle home page.  I decided to check some books instead, because that was just a bit too weird. But when I opened up the books? Same thing. Left eye, no text on the pages, just different squiggles and lines. Even the blank pages had this simple little squiggle on them.  I tried a book on psychology, a book on optometry. All the same stuff, and if I used my right eye to read them they didn't seem to have anything useful. So I thought I'd try a book on the lenses and their history.  That's when I found it.  I read the whole book with my right eye, checking the pages with my left. Information on how they were supposed to work, on how they were first discovered and made after pollutants in the air started to blind people and cause neo-natal blindness. Squiggles squiggles squiggles.  I finished the book, using mostly my right eye. The lenses were just supposed to bypass the damaged cone and beam the signals to the nerves. They were supposed to show you what was already there, and according to the book, they'd done lots of trials with the last few people who could see and the lenses worked great.  Then there was that blank page that books have, ya know, just before the back cover? I was tired and confused and stressed and my right eye was feeling sore from doing all the work. So just as I was about to shut the book, I sighed and blinked my eye open.  That's when I found the note.  It was on that last page, written beneath one of the blank page squiggles, in pen.  "If you're reading this, then you are the one eyed man in the world of the blind. Open your eye and see. We will do our best to find you, but for now you are alone.  Do not wake the sleepers. Do not stare into the abyss, for the abyss stares back."  [Edit: Grammar]  [[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5ptqyj/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_everybody_is_blind/dcub50k/)] <eos>
We've tied Sympathy to a railing on the catwalk over the Void of Lost Remembrance. She does not cry, though I'd prefer that she did. Instead, she twists loosely in the breeze, trying, trying to understand what we've done.  "They have families," she says. "Don't you care at least about the families they left behind?"  We close the door and leave her there, so we no longer have to listen. In all this time, in all these years, she has never gotten better. She is always looking outward, towards people and places and things that are not us, and worries about *them* and *their happiness*. She cannot understand why that doesn't matter. We cannot convince her.  So she will twist over the chasm for a time. And we will go back to work.  Pride is working the controls, alone, as usual. We watch as the Husk glides through white and green halls, thin carpet stretched over cement, closed doors on either side. The Husk knocks twice on one door that is entirely like all the rest, and a woman inside says, "Come in."  She is a pretty woman, black bun'd hair, wire glasses, sitting in the valley between two teetering stacks of binders.  "This case, right?" she says, smiling, playfully straightening one of the mounds. "After all this, I hope he's not actually guilty."  Disgust spits on the screen. "Whore!" he shouts. "Why does she talk to us like that? Like we're the same? Like we're equals?"  Patience is there, though, putting a small hand on the rough hide of Disgust's scaly back. "There there. In time, in time. She'll see. Just give it a bit."  Excitement has wings, and she flies about the chamber, dragging her small, fairy feet across the top of Disgust's head. "You hear that, buddy? We'll get 'er! Oh yeah, we will! We'll cut her up! Up up *up*!" Dancing on the console, she starts counting on her pink, dusty fingers. "We'll cut out her heart, and her lungs, and her kidneys, then the liver, then her uterus - that's my very very favorite! - and then all those intestines and then..."  "Knock it off!" growls Pride, shooing her away. "I can't see what I'm doing."  "You alright, Jack?" says the woman, her face a veil of concern, false and womanly. "You look far away."  "Oh," says the Husk, and I see Pride flick the switch, turn on that sly smirk. "I get a little lost when I'm around you."  She sighs, almost in spite of herself. Pride sits up straight, leaning slightly back. He's satisfied. They all are. And it's in these moments - these pivotal points, where everything begins coming into alignment and the wheels start picking up momentum - it's always in these moments when they all turn to look at me. To see what I'll say, or if I'll say anything at all.  "It's good, isn't it, Remorse?" says Excitement, fluttering before me. "We got another one!"  And I smile. And shrug. As I always do. "Looks like it." <eos>
Our existence turned out to be very young indeed. The other race had achieved galactic travel much sooner than we had. They had achieved what we could only dream of. Post-scarcity society. However, as time wore on their automated systems allowed them to become ever so more complacent. Their society began to focus on the arts rather than the sciences. Their knowledge of their own systems faded into obscurity.  When contact was first made, we were fearful that they would seek to dominate us, but they simply needed our aid. Their ship was in dire need of repair. Their automated systems were failing or barely operable. They landed seeking nourishment and a breathable atmosphere.  The first set of scientists and engineers were astounded at the level of technology, while the sociologists and biologists marveled at the new race before them. It took decades to determine how things aboard the vessel worked while the aliens adapted to life on our planet. While we began to build crafts of our own using our newfound knowledge, they acquired a taste for our food and music.  Theirs was an impressive ship. Automated systems for everything, including repairs. The mechanical aspects seemed fine, but they weren't operational. One team of engineers was finally able to decrypt the programming routines of the vessel using it's own repaired quantum-string computers. Turns out even higher level civilizations run into integer overflow. The largest time interval counted was slightly over 23 yoctoseconds. At 128 bits, this meant that they had been a civilization for over 100 million years! They must have never had encountered any time issues in their history to consider and prepare for, or thought someone else in their future would fix the mistake.  Slowly, but surely we did just that. We created AIs to assist in porting their machine code. The technology pulled from their craft aided us in our other endeavors and finally allowed us to achieve post-scarcity ourselves. We took to the stars in our new craft to seek out those that built it. Its navigation led us from ship-to-ship, colony-to-colony, but what we found was the same story as our initial encounter. The societies were always different, but the biology was very similar. This once great race was reduced to living in squalor due to a singular unfortunate oversight.  We started to become known as the Tachnomen. They couldn't understand what we did to make their machines work again. We tried to explain it a couple times before we gave up and simply told them that we fixed their clocks. Word spread, and it wasn't long before we were worshiped as gods. They came to us in their ships, and sent message of their colonies. We continued to port their machines to our new operating system, in exchange for free reign and use of uninhabited systems.  They grew tired of relying on us, and envied us for our mastery of the tech they once pioneered. They tried to attack us, but found their weapons neutralized by our "insurance" measures. We didn't have to fight back, once they tried to fire on us, their ships would automatically self destruct. It was only a matter of hours until their race was reduced to the handful of orbital stations and surface colonies.  We attempted to reason with them, but they refused. They razed all their machines in case we had "cursed" them as we had their ships. Their numbers dwindled as famine, natural events, and war took hold over their now scarce resources. Today, there stands only one outpost left. Their last remaining testament to their civilization.  There are times I think back to them. I wonder how they came to be, and if perhaps now they are happy once more. I also contemplate our future, if one day we will succumb to the same trap of complacency they did. I can only hope that their existence will serve as a cautionary tale to our descendants. Lest we become owner of all, and master of none.  EDIT: typo fix. <eos>
They were packing. They were all packing. Noah watched them. His father, darting into his room, then back to the living room, stuffing things in a suitcase - not folding it, not carefully putting it, just stuffing. Noah was mad. If *he* had been packing like this, that carelessly, his father and mother would have told him to stop being so messy, to do things right.  Why were grownups allowed to do stuff kids were not? It seemed very unfair.  His mother emerged from the kitchen, carrying assorted cans. Bean cans. Meat cans. Spam. Tuna.  "I don't like that tuna," Noah said. "Why can't we have real food?"  "Not now, honey," his mother breathed out, in a hurry. They were all in a hurry. All running around, him, his mother, his father, his sister Bea, his aunt Meredith. Even the dog, Humphrey, that his mother had named after this old black and white guy from old films because she said the dog looked like a private detective like the ones this black and white guy used to play, even the dog seemed in a hurry, following them around, in and out of rooms.  "They're saying not to trust the radio, not to even keep it on," his mother said to his father, as they met in the living room, walking from room to room, packing, packing, packing. "They said to turn it off now."  "Well, shouldn't we keep listening? I mean, who knows, maybe they'll say something --"  "Honey, it's not people talking on the radio. It's *them*. They're lying to us."  "Who's them?" Noah asked. His parents turned at the same time to look at him.  "Who's them?" he repeated.  "Some bad... things. That came to hurt us. But we're not going to let them, okay?" His mother crouched to his eye-level. "They get inside people's head and make them act and talk funny, not like themselves, do you understand?"  "Like mind-controlling monsters?"  "Exactly. That's why we are not listening to the people on the radio. They are lying. They are not really people, they are being controlled by these... creatures. Pretending to be people."  "How do we know who are the real people and who are the fake people?"  "Well... we don't." From outside, a loud bang reached them, followed by a crash, and his mother turned back with a start. "But we know we are safe, because we've only been inside the house, okay? We know they need to touch us to make us do things, and no one touched us, right?"  "Right."  "So we're gonna go to Grandpa Jerry's farm house upstate, okay? We're going to go there, and we should not talk to *anyone* on the way there, and we should not let *anyone* touch us, okay?"  "Okay."  "Because if they touch you, then they get inside you and make you do bad things. Do you understand?"  "Yes."  "And that's why we are not listening to the people on the radio. Because they are telling us to stay inside and let our neighbors in if they ask, so that they can get inside our houses and trap us. Do you understand?"  "Yes."  "They are lying. To get us."  "Yes."  "Okay, then. Now go pack, honey."  "Mom?"  "Yes, Noah?"  "How do I know you are not lying like the people on the radio?" <eos>
Grax shouted into the camera for the hundredth time, spittle spraying in an arc in front of him. I wondered, not the first time, if any was getting on the lens. If the camera feed went down or was at least blurred enough, I could possibly make some sort of escape without blowing my cover.  "This man will die if you are not here in the next five minutes, Jade Enchantress! I know who he is, what he means to you!" A smile curled his lips as he spat this last threat, pointing a finger at me. The idiot villain really thought he had figured something out by tracking this version of me to most of the same places my superhero identity frequented.  I sighed through my gag, my eyes rolling just a bit. Grax caught this, and slapped me across my face, his steel gauntlets causing my ears to ring slightly. If I were the slightly overweight middle aged man I appeared to be, that would have really done some damage. He's not very experienced with the "fragile human hostage" thing.  "Be glad I have let you live this long. Your lover will be here soon, and then I shall end you both!"  I cringed a little at "lover." The gender difference was weird as hell, and I really didn't like to talk about it. It's not like you can help what the ancient jade artifact grants you the power to turn into. I'd do it all over again to get the power of flight, super strength, and nigh-invulnerability. Who cares if when I do it I have to wear a bra and panties underneath my costume?  Well, I do. A little. It's this secret that keeps me from shape-shifting right now and pummeling Grax's stupid, grotesque face. If I changed right now, my whole underwear line, books, and sponsorships would be in serious question. Not to mention my marriage.  I looked into the camera, wondering how long it would take for any of my friends to do anything about this. Green Mantis was probably laughing his ass off right now, wondering how I got caught. Fucking cocktail parties. Opal Tiger was definitely shaking his head in disapproval, but most likely strapping his boots on.  Trying not to sigh again, I leaned back a little in my steel folding chair, and waited.  [r/Intotheslushpile]( https://www.reddit.com/r/intotheslushpile/)  Continued below in this thread =)  EDIT: Thanks so much for all the feedback and love! You guys are awesome. I'll be continuing this over on my [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/intotheslushpile/comments/5qud4b/the_secret_life_of_a_teenage_heroine_part_4/). I work a lot during the week but I'll keep the story rolling on weekends until we get to the end =).  [Part Four](https://www.reddit.com/r/intotheslushpile/comments/5qud4b/the_secret_life_of_a_teenage_heroine_part_4/) is up right now. <eos>
Then she winked at me, and smiled.  "Are you serious?" I asked.  I was disoriented. She had injected a sliver of doubt into my mind, and little did I know, that sliver would soon lead to an all out infection.  "Are *you* serious?" she said slyly.  "Are we robots?"  "My programming forbids me from answering that question," she said. "Ask me in a different way."  "Stop messing," I said.  She laughed and walked out of the bathroom, leaving me in there alone. I looked at my face in the mirror. I leaned in close. I touched my chin, rubbing my stubble. It was an eminently human face. My hair still grew. My skin still sweated. I still got acne occasionally. I felt pain, and pleasure, from contact with physical things. It was impossible. I could not be a robot.  I smiled at myself, my big, charming smile.  "Honey," I hollered. "Nice try."  She didn't respond.  "Honey?!"  She spoke from right outside the doorway:  "You'll see," she said. "You'll see..."  What can one call such planters of seeds of doubt but malevolent? What can one do but wish they had never spoken, wish one had never met them? My wife had ruined me. I had no faith in anything anymore. My life was fractured. I searched for little clues, watched endlessly for hints, anything to confirm or deny that she and I were robots. And she knew that I watched her, closely, waiting for some little trip up or slip, some inexplicable action. And she strung me along with it all. She tortured me in my limbo of doubt.  When she dropped things she would say: "Looks like I'm malfunctioning."  When she couldn't remember something she would utter, manipulatively: "Guess I'll have to go get my memory upgraded soon."  And when I wasn't watching her, I was watching myself, both inside and out, keeping tabs on my mental and physical behaviours and sensations, trying to see if I slipped out of consciousness for even a moment, during an update or something, trying to see if any of my movements stuttered in some unnatural way.  Robot technology had already been exceptional for decades before I was even born. Robots looked like humans. They acted like humans. They bled like humans. They learned like humans. They had memories and families and jobs like humans. And yes, there were rumours that there were no longer any humans anymore. Only robots.  But those rumours had been circulating since I was a kid, and I never paid them any mind. Not until now, that is.  Now I thought of harming myself, of ripping my arm from my shoulder, just so I could know for sure. I would see the wires and know, or I would bleed out and die, but at least I would die as a human, a true human, who knew, in his depths, that he was a human. But I couldn't bring myself to do it. Perhaps on some level, I believed my wife but didn't want confirmation. Better to live in illusion, I thought. Better to pretend like she and I are humans, as I've always thought, than to learn the truth now.  One afternoon, when we were sitting in the living room, watching our screens, my wife sort-of keeled over. I rushed over to her, to grab her and stop her from falling off the couch. I looked at her face.  "What's wrong?" I said, frantically. "Honey, what's wrong?"  "System malfunction," she said.  "Not funny," I said. I was getting angry.  "System malfunction," she said again.  I lay her ungently back on the couch.  "System malfunction."  "Yes," I said. "I get it."  "System malfunction."  My doorbell rang. I walked over to the front door to see who it was, my wife repeating her cruel phrase over and over in the living room behind me. I opened the door to see two men in BotCorp uniforms impatiently waiting.  "Mr Allen," one said.  "Yes," I replied.  "We received an alert that one of our units is malfunctioning in your house."  "Your units?"  "Yes," the man said. "One of our units. You wouldn't mind if we came in for just a moment."  "No," I said. "Not at all."  They stayed outside for a moment, looking at me. Then one broke out into a smile.  "Damnit," he said, laughing. "I just couldn't keep it going."  "Keep what going?" I asked nervously. "What's going on?"  "Let me explain," said the smiler.  "No me," said the other.  "We have this whole game," said the smiler, "where we try to stand outside after being told we can come in for as long as we can without saying anything."  "But," said the other, now also smiling, "he cracks up every time. He just can't do it."  "I can't," the first smiler admitted.  ---  EDIT: Thanks for the goldilocks stranger! Also, I'm so glad people liked it and I'm loving all the interpretations! Thanks to /u/JasonHolloway for a great prompt! <eos>